the man flaps his arme like a bird, pretends to soar then flaps some more.
a person picks up a horizontal object from their front right hand side, then places it vertically to their left.
a man acts out making the shape of a tea pot then begins to shake
the man is moving both arms awkwardly
with slightly bent knees, the person raises both arms outstreched to shoulder height.
a man walks in a counterclockwise circle, but only makes it half way
a person stands on their right leg then left leg.
person does two cart wheels
a person spins maybe a water bottle as they drink it with both hands.
a person balances on his right foot while kicking with his left foot to keep his balance.
a person stirs something with his right hand.
a person lifting their right arm up
this person moves his right arm as if to wipe a surface.
a standing up person bends down and gets back up.
a person shivers with their arms, then cuts wood, and finally makes a swimming motion.
person moves left and right leg slowly then quickly moves them in a fast motion
a person steps to the left
a man steps backward towards the left side then steps forward towards the right side.
a person standing with legs slightly bent, raising both arms out to the side.
a person runs with low speed.
a person walks in a circle to the right.
a person takes a giant leap forward while his arms flail out to his sides.
a person raises both his arms over his head
a person walks in place.
the is standing, appears to be holding an object, throws the object then takes a slight step forward.
the person is squatted down as if it is working on something with it's hands.
the person is cleaning something.
the person is sitting down.
a person throws something with their right hand
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides raises his arms above his head, leans to his right, leans to his left and then drops his arms and resumes his standing position.
a person walking in a relaxed way.
a person makes one step forward with each leg.
a person raises their arms down and then up.
a person raises both arms up over their head, then lowers them to their side.
a figure gestures confidently around waist and shoulder
an off balance intoxicated man gestures at another person to the left. seemingly in an argument.
a man impersonates an elephant.
person is stretching out neck, head, and arms
the person will for them in stopped.
sway your hips from side to side.
a person puts his right hand to his face.
the person is moving something around.
a person crawls forward, then stands up and turns to their right
a person does one jump forward.
the person walks and turn right and stop
a person folds their arms and then unfolds them
the person stands while warming up their wrist and ankles
the person grabs something and shuts it with their right arm
a person tred to stay on hands vertically
a person takes five steps forward and stops.
the person says they are out.
a person uses their right hand to point forward.
person looks for something on the ground with right hand.
this person walks forward, swats then walks back.
a person sidesteps once to the left.
the man is he pacing  back and forth
a person walks forward 3 steps, trips, turns around, and limps back to where they started.
a person hastily paces in an ovular shape.
a person bends to their right with their left arm above their head.
a person stayed on the place and raised the right hand
a person lifts something with two hands, then tilts one side of it upwards
a person picks something up, sets it down and throws something.
a person bends over with both hands and stands back up.
a person, showing both hands holding nothing, waves his left hand then pulls something out of his right hand and throws it into the air.
a person steps up onto an object, steps down, walks around the object and then steps up onto the object.
the person is walking on a treadmill slowly.
moving arms towards face then kneeling.
the person walked forward and then turn right.
the person is trying to unscrew a bottle cap.
a person is standing and making a frustrated gesture.
the person is walking in a counter counterclockwise circle.
a man sits, pulls his phone out, answers the phone and puts it to his head.
a person bends their knees and then jumps forward.
a man walks from side to side while holding his left forearm with right hand, and then walks back.
the person was standing still reaching up words with his right arm.
a person slowly kicks their right foot forward then puts it back and stands still, with feet shoulder width apart.
a man has his arms flexed, squats, and returns to standing position.
laying down on face and crawling backwards.
person stomps their right foot once.
a person walks forwards and then balances on their left foot as if trying not to fall before continuing to step through with their right foot.
a person walks quickly sideways leading with right leg.
a person steps forward, staggers suddenly to his right, then slowly walks back to his original course.
a person pitches a ball with their right hand.
a man who is badly injured on his right thigh supports it with both the hands and walks in pain diagonally toward the right
person stands side on with right arm extended above head
a person raises their hands to shoulder height and then lowers them to their waste.
running in a circle then back.
a person standing in place claps their hands and then places arms back down at their sides.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides moves four steps backwards starting with his right foot and comes to a stop.
a person is moving around his right hand.
a person slightly bent over with left hand pressing against the air walks forward slowly
the person cups their hands to their mouth as if they are trying to call out
a person walks straight forward.
a person walks to their left, and then proceeds to walk in a clockwise circle.
the body goes on the knees with hands on the floor.
a person jumps and walks straight forward.
a person walking very slowly.
a person walks forward, picks something up from waist level with their right hand, turns and walks back and forth, before appearing to return the object.
a person rocks back and forth slightly in an intimidating stance.
a person steps forward with their left foot, brings the right foot to join the left, the uses both hands with elbows bent to motion to the right and then to the left two times.
the  person is running over a vault.
a person walking forward, pausing, grabbing something with their left arm and placing it down after taking a step back.
person walks straight back leading with left leg
he picks up a bowl and eats from it.
a man is running in place before moving the right.
the man raises his left hand above his head and throws something forward.
person appears to be playing basketball.
a man is running in place.
person raises left arm and waves in greeting.
a figure marches to their own drum
the toon walks forward a few steps, then turns around walking back.
the person is standing and crossing his arms then uncross them.
the person walk forward at a medium speed.
robot is performing different step of dance and moving right left.
a person walks forward while raising their left arm.
a person claps and puts their hands down.
a man standing crosses his arms over his chest.
a person giving a round of applause
he is stretching his arm then moving it
a person slides from side to side 2 times then takes off running while looking forward the whole time
a person is walking in a counterclockwise circle.
person puts right hand up then puts it down.
a person on all fours stands straight up
a man places his left hand on his neck.
a person is jogging forward at a quick pace.
this person walks forward taking very wide steps left and right.
a person waves both hands.
the person is wiggling his whole body.
subject walks forward then turns around to walk the other direction then turns around and walks back to the initial spot and turns the his body to the left.
a person lifts both hands into the air.
the man reaches with his right hand to the ground then into the air.
a man picks something up and then turns around and walks before turning around again and picking something up.
a figure standing prone with legs slightly apart before stretchong both arms out to either side of its body
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person looks to be wiping with his right hand in a counter counterclockwise motion
a person leans to the right and picks something up, then leans to the left and picks something else up.
person is throwing a ball hard.
the man lays down on the ground and swim.
a man is walking forward stumbles and goes to the ground and get back up.
the man rambles forward turns to the left then jogs to the right.
person kicks out with their left foot, but stays standing in place. person seems both frustrated and dejected.
the person lies on his back then gets up by taking support on his right hand then walks in a circle to his left
a person ballet dances in a triangle.
a person leans to the right in athletic position.
a person goes from a quick walk to a jog as if to hurry up to get somewhere just a bit faster.
the body wiggles side to side as the hands come up towards the shoulders.
a person who is waving with their left hand
the person is praying with buddhism religion.
a person bend the body
person takes large lateral step to the right side
a person stretches their arms above their head
a person who is standing with his hands at his sides takes two steps forward, turns 180 degrees and take two steps in the other direction.
a peraon walking makes a right turn.
extend your leg straight and then retract it to the beginning position.
a person is walking around and comes to a jog.
a person walks backward in a clockwise circle
a person kneels with arms out and then uses their left hand to help with standing up straigth.
person is standing forward doing jumping jacks.
a man walks forward, stumbles, leans his left arm on a table, then walks backwards away from the table.
person sprints forward three steps stops then sprints forward again
a standing up person bends down and gets back up.
a person stayed on the place and raised the left hand
person steps back then drags feet slowly against the floor  walking in a semi- circle before finishing facing back
a person appears to put their hands to their mouth, call out, and move their arms around.
a person performs three jumping jacks.
a person holds their left hand out in front of them, before dropping it to their side and stepping backwards once.
a person raised both hands and lift something
figure stands, turns left and walks, stops, turns right and walks, turns left and stops halfway, turns forward, and then stands.
a person jumps rope.
the man riases his right hand twice.
the person walk backward on the floor.
a person walks forward confidently.
a person lifts their right arm and gestures/points across their body halfway to the left.
the man writes across a wall.
a person hops to the right two times then hops to the left.
a person takes a few steps forward.
a person does two side kicks, one back kick and two round kicks with the left leg.
a person steps forward and steps up and over something, turns to the right and continues on.
a person stands motionless and then takes one step backwards and to the right.
person grabs somethings with two hands and then holds it with right hand
a person slowly walked forward upstairs and kept walk
a person puts something on the ground.
a person runs in place
a person spins quickly and takes off running.
a person removes a sponge from a bucket and then washes a car prior to returning the sponge to the bucket.
a person dribbles a basketball through their legs then runs quickly.
person takes a step back like they're pushed
a person driving turning the steering wheel with both hands.
a person throwing ang catching a ball
a person stepping straight backwards
a person is walking forward fast.
a person acting like a monkey.
a person does a quick wheel-like spin kick with right leg, pivoting on left leg while both arms resume fighting gesture.
the character is walking backward to the side, swaying and lifting their feet as to do a line dance motion.
the person is walking very carefully over a balance beam.
a person with one hand to his head looks around then squats on the ground and puts one hand to his heads while pivoting around
the person walks forward slowly and then stops
a person waving both arms in front of him as if to motion no or stop
a person walks forward with a little run in one of the steps.
a person walks forward in a counter clockwise motion then clockwise mothion.
man is bending arms at elbows towards the front of the body.
a person falls to the left
a slow gallop in a counterclockwise circle then sits down on the ground.
a person swings their right arm in a circle forward, then swings it backwards in a circle.
the person rotates left and to the right with their arm up, rotates back and to the front while reaching their feet, and puts their arms down.
a man walks counter counterclockwise in a circle
the person rotates both of their wrists
someone steps to the side, takes a seat in a chair, and then gets back grabbing the arm rests.
a person swiftly moves to the right then moves to the left
a person walks forward, puts their left hand down on a table, and uses their right hand to reach over the table and grab an object.
a person walks forward at a regular pace.
a figure gets down on all fours then raises its chest
a person turns to their left then walks and skips with their left foot, then turns around to return and walks then skips with their right foot.
raised your arms up, keep your elbows bent and reach up
the person is walking around.
a person walks quickly in a very feminine way.
this person uses both hands as if to show a measurement.
the person is walking forward slowly.
the person sat down and crossed his legs.
a person takes a quick step to the left using only their left leg
a person walks to the left, sits down stands back up, and then walks back
a person walks forward while lifting their hands awkwardly.
a person attempts to pick something up with their right hand and places it higher before walking around curving to the left.
walking forward and picking something up.
someone climbs a step, walks and descends a step
a person jogs a short distance forward.
a person is doing star jumps
a person walks forward five steps and then stops.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks in a circle with exaggerated hip and arm movements, either drunk or flirty.
a person kicks sideways with their left leg
a figure walks foreward slowly with shoulders slightly hunched
the person is walking back-and-forth in an s shape.
the person was walking counterclockwise.
a standing person moving from their right to left then moving backwards and forward again
walking forward and bending down
a person fastly walked backwards
the man is walking backward
the person steps forward, then turns facing right and steps backwards
a person taking something from a shelf.
a person pick up something with his right hand and with his left hand he is patting it.
a person reaches into both directions before going into a superman pose.
a man is standing up straight and scratches the top of his head with his left hand
a person leans down to grab something then rubs it on something
person moves from back centre to front right then moves back one step and leans forward
stick person is spinning in circles with arms flaling around and hopping or skippinh to the right
the boy kicks the ball with his right foot and it rolls forward slowly.
a person steps out with left leg, right legs steps in front of left leg, left leg steps, then right leg steps behind left leg.
a person walking forward while pausing periodically.
a person jogs forward and semi circles around to the right and then to the left.
the person is knocking.
a person walks forward, curving to their left while doing so
a person takes a few steps forward, then turns to their left and takes a few more steps.
a person sways left and shakes their right hip, then sways right and shakes their left hip.
the person walks forward then turns around to walk in the direction they came from.
a person walks in a half circle.
doing a photoshoot and steps on a stool and poses then goes up the stairs for another shot.
a man moves an object in front of his face and above his head.
raising arm as if to shoot a basketball.
a person is writing on a chalkboard.
a person lifts their hand up to their head then lowers it
a person walks on a treadmill slowly.
the person is looking right and left.
a standing person crouches then rises.
the man thrusts his body horizontally while windmilling both arms forward at the same time.
a person walks counter counterclockwise for a lap
a person walking around in a room
a person stretches their left leg and right leg alternatively in order to get read for a race.
a man takes several steps backwards, then turns slightly and walks forward, before turning and backstepping, then turning and stepping forward, walking in a star pattern.
a person slowly walks forward.
stick figure stands still before taking a few jogging steps forward
a man is sitting down with arms and legs splayed out to the sides of his body.
a man runs back and forth from left from right.
a person holds their hands up to their face while sitting down
the person is tossing with his left hand.
a person is pitching a baseball.
a person runs in place and then steps to the right, makes a counterclockwise circle while in a running motion, where his hands are moving up and down.
a person is on their knees and then they get up slowly.
a person uses both hands to hold something, and then rings a doorbell.
a person picks something up then places it on their head and walks forwards.
person quickly moves to their right like avoiding something
person is walking at a normal pace in random directions
a person walks forward clockwise, completing one full circle.
a person unzipping pants flyer
a person runs forward and to his left and then turns and runs back.
the person draws a line in the sand
person stands and raises left leg, then proceeds to kick into the air towards the left. person then pivots their torso tot he left, raising their right leg and kicking to the left. then comes back to stand center
the person having a conversation with someone.
person slightly swings arms and shuffles in the shape of a circle.
the person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person moves into a fighting stance.
the person is running fast to the right.
someone is folding their arms
a person lightly hops forward.
a person with arms bent, holds them up to chest level
a person walks forward, clumsily turns and walks back.
a person steps side to side to the left.
the man strokes a guitar one time.
a person sits down backwards
the person is drinking out of a bottle with his right hand.
a person picks something up with right hand, puts it down then picks it up.
the person is turning around looking at something
a person raises their left hand above their head.
a person throws a ball with their right hand, catches the ball with both hands and then throws the ball again.
the person is walking down stairs
a figure seems to be either stretching above their head or cheering / accepting praise from a crowd
a person lifts his hands to catch and throw something
a person jumps and walks straight forward.
the person is the throwing some thing.
a person walks backwards, in a straight line.
a person swings their left hand forwards, followed by their right.
a person holds both their hands up as if to look at something closely.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs
a person does the my little teapot dance.
standing on one foot while the left foot moves behind the right leg.
a person throws an item with their right hand.
this person jumps on his left foot then on his right foot.
a person calping their hands
a man like figure walks forward in very slow motion and then stops.
person walks forward, makes a turn on right leg, and walks back to start.
person is dancing around.
a person slowly walks up several steps.
a man is running in place before stopping.
a person stands still, then takes seven steps forward.
a slightly stooped person holding something with both hands proceeds to place it downwards and compact its base
after five seconds a person lifts his left hand to his chin.
a person is in a fighting stance with their legs spread and fists raised. they hop forward and kick out with their right foot before returning to their original position.
figure has convulsions while squatting.
a person turns to his left and steps on and over a high object, then a lower object, turns and steps on and over the lower object again.
the person is sitting back making a phone call.
a person shakes hands together, pulls up something in front and from each side of body, pulls something over and sets it down.
the sim appears to be walking at a slight angle at a normal rate of speed.
a person is reclining on the ground, then they lay down on their back and extend their legs, then sit up using their arms for support with their feet together.
a person runs fast in a curved line
the person slowly goes to their knees and crawl on the ground
a person walks in a large s pattern.
a person performs two over-arm swipes.
a person moves around in a random fashion, trying to dodge something.
a person pets an animal that is low to the ground.
a person gestures with both arms, puts their right hand on their hip, then gestures again
person is reaching down.
a person jogs diagonally to his right and then slows down to a walk.
the person  is taking steps clean over some thing.
a person is kneeling to tie the laces on the left shoe.
a person picks up their left leg.
person jumps once then walks forward
a person drops their arms from shoulder height, claps one time, walks forward, turns to the right and sits down.
a person has both hands together.
a person grabbed something and sat somewhere and after get up
a person takes some steps forward, then jumps up and down.
a man walks forward slightly off-balance, and then starts to turn around.
a person bounce sup and down on the balls of their feet.
a person uses their right arm to scratch their head.
person does two star jumps then stays still   this was done in centre
the person gets a small push in the back
a person steps forward and kicks with their right foot.
the man holds his hands up and squats twice.
a person runs quickly forward and then turns around.
a person sitting there shaking then stands up and lifts there left arm and starts going in a circluar like motion
a man holds something still at knee height with his right hand as his left hand makes brushing motions, before lifting it with his right hand and walking to his left.
a person recovers balance after push to left,
a person takes two steps backwards.
a person is standing and steps backwards.
the person is walking backwards to wash something.
falling down with a leg injury
this person is doing swats several times.
the  person is calling with his right hand.
a person appears to setting things on shelfs in front of them
a person walks forward and then turns in the opposite direction and walks backwards, raises their left arm and then turns around again to face forward.
a person stand still and does nothing.
a person bows forward slightly and holds it for a bit, then raises back up and shifts weight from right to left to right foot, ending with right foot slightly forward.
a person is walking forward down stairs.
the person starts throwing something across
a person bends over to pick something up.
a person dusting off their shoes on the ground
walking wobbly as if drunk or dizzy.
the sim is walking in a circle motion.
a person is in a boxing match
a person raises their hands and stretches their torso to their right side, then stretches forward to touch their toes, then stretches their back by rotating to their left and then their right
the person sits down with their legs crossed
the person is looking at an accident.
the man lays down on the ground and swim.
a person holds both arms straight out to the side, then steps forward, puts their right hand down, and then kneels on both knees (left knee first, then right knee).
this person begins to run forward in a counterclockwise circle, and then, they quickly turn around to run in a clockwise circle.
the person is waving and hands up.
a person kicks with left foot.
a person does two jumping jacks.
a person hops off the ground twice.
a person performs several jumping jacks.
a person raising their left hand.
person walks forward then turns to their right and carry on walking then stop
a person walks calmly in a counter-clockwise circle and stops just before the circle completes.
a person going down the staircase
a person takes some slow small steps forward.
a person was kicking wiht left and right hand
the toon is doing jumping jacks.
a person stands with arms out partway to each side, lifts his right leg, swings it forward briefly, then sweeps it in a semicircle behind him before moving it forward and standing again; he then repeats the action.
a person crosses his arms and scratches his right elbow with his left hand.
the person is throwing something with its red arm.
a person sneaks forward to their right.
walks forward a few steps then slightly slips with the right foot and keeps walking to turn around again to walk.
a person walking forward.
a person walking slowly with his feet apart .
someone stomps their feet five times and then starts to walk balkwards.
a person moves to the left, then brings their hands together in front of their face.
the figure tilts and then kicks the air above knee level with its right leg, it then does a lower kick with its left leg.
a person runs to the left, turns around and runs to the right, then runs towards the middle.
person is jumping on their toes. their heels never leave the floor.
person moves forward and lifts left leg knee height and balances
the person stands and squats a couple of times with their hands out in front of them
a person stands with feet wide, stretches both hands up over his head and then swings down by the waist and hangs arms down before standing up
a person raising thier left arm in front of them
person takes two smalls step up then down the two bigger steps up.
this person kicks high with the right leg.
a person appears to be jumproping, then puts both hands together
walks in a wide clockwise bend then cuts a sharp left before completing a circle.
a person looks from side to side and then wipes quickly at their face.
a figure with arms out rotates down the moves hands around.
person walks forward and then jumps up into the air two times while punching their right arm into the air
the sim is lifting a dumbbell with their right arm.
a person does light punches with their left hand.
a person holds their arms out, lowers them, then walks forward and sits down
a figure walks briskly up stairs
a man holds something with his right hand ,lifts it carefully to the mouth and puts it back as the left hand touches the mouth too.
a person lifts both arm up slightly.
a person raises up each arm at a time, then both arms, then each arm at a time again.
person is walking in a small circular pattern
a person in a fighting stance does a roundhouse kick with their left leg.
a man stands with his right leg in front of him and his arms bent to either side, wriggling his left arm slightly.
a person is moving their hips in a circular motion with their arms strechted outward to the sides
person appears to salsa dance or something similar.
a person brings food to their mouth, eats it, while resting their body weight on their left leg
a person stretches their left arm up over their head while leaning to the right.
the person is doing a fancy dance.
a person tilts object from right to left.
takes a step forward while right hand goes above the left hand in a circle motion and vice versa , then the right hand goes towards the head, and back down.
a person with their arms slightly raised, and is wiggling their hips.
person rotating lever in front of them
waving hands around near chest.
a person positions their hand like theyre holding motorcyle handle bars.
a person jumps up and down once.
a person bends their knees and jumps up, spinning counterclockwise while in the air, and then repeat the jump.
a person walked in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward and avoids a line drawn on the ground by stepping around it.
person runs on the spot
a man begins to walk, stepping off on his right foot moving forward. then crossing his left foot over his right to change direction towards the back of the platform. he does this changing direction until he completes a figure 8, ending at his staring location.
moving hands in a circular motion.
a person is marching on the spot which then turns into a run.
a person leans backwards and then bows forward twice.
a person is doing cartwheels
a person holds their left hand up at someone.
a person slowly walked forward in left and right direction while kicking something
a person walks in a large arc to their right.
the person exercises his arms close to his head
a man jogs from the right side and stops turns and jogs back to the left side and stops and jogs back to the middle where they started.
the sim appears to be to be "pump faking" a baseball, before throwing it.
a person twist their torso from left to right then leans from left to right.
a person makes small steps back and forward.
a man is running in place
a person does neck rolls while standing.
a person walking up steps
the person bends forward with their arms in front of them. they stand back up. they hold an item up in both of their hands and thrust it forward
a man walks slanting to the right then turns around and looks where he came from.
figure makes gesture around lower half then hugs themself.
someone is trying to walk in a straight line
a person takes two steps to the right, takes three steps to the left, then finally takes one step back to the right.
a man gets up from a kneeling position and walks towards the right.
a person walked forward, while turned
a person walks forward, stumbles to their right, corrects and continues walking forward.
a person walks forward, picks up a ball, turns around, and walks back to their start position.
a figure seems to be gesturing for people to run past or through or under their other arm
raising hands towards mouth while sitting.
a person slowly throwed something
a man does a jump and falls to the ground face first.
a person walks bending towards his left
a person standing seems to be moving their arm in a circular motions forward and backwards.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person raises their hands and stretches their torso to their left side, then stretches forward to touch their toes, then stretches their back by rotating to their right and then their left
the person is climbing on terrain.
a person sways to the left and then to their right.
a person moves an object from a position on his right to a position to his left.
a person walking straight down a walk way.
a man throwing something or swinging something
the person is walking in place.
a figure walks forward and to the right
the person is jogging in place.
person lifts right arm up from side position to vertically up and slightly over their head stretching their arm.
the person is walking normally forward.
man walks diagonal to the left then bends down after two steps and touches the ground with his left hand, takes three more steps and touches the ground with his right hand.
a person is looking forward with hands behind the head and then drops them
a person walks forward, turns left, steps onto and over an object, steps onto another object, turns left, and then steps up onto a higher object.
the person kicks to their right.
person is doing a huge stretch  to the right
a person has both shoulders raised while swaying back and forth, picks up both arms and pumps them back and forth 3 times.
the person is picking up and moving something.
the person is walking towards the right.
the person is playing the violin with his right hand.
a person raises and lowers their arms out to their sides multiple times.
the person is washing their hair.
a person with his hands by his sides takes one step forward, then takes one step backwards, hesitates, then takes another step backwards.
a person side steps to the left and back to the right.
a man crouches down on the ground.
a person steps back and forth while switching what leg is in front and what arm is at their head.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes two steps forward, then quickly steps sideways to his right.
a man leans forward just in front of him to pick up an imaginary item on the left of the screen and moves it to the left side of the screen.
man walks down a line and slightly veers off to the right.
a person steps backward, jumps up, runs forward, then runs backward.
a person walks forward, picks something up and walks back.
holding and rocking a baby
a man slowly walks forward
a person jogs forward for a bit
person is standing there then moved over and back.
a person steps forward and makes several hand gestures.
a person tests the range of motion of their right knee while balancing on their left leg
someone is stood with their arms to their side, they lift both arms to their elbows and move them around haphazardly.
individual takes a step forward with their left foot and swings arm simultanitously.
a person moves upper body slightly to the left while raising a bent arm.
the person walks forward then starts  using a mixing motion
a man walks to the side then moves to the right.
man has his hands above his head and leans from one side to the other by bending his waist and then bends forward.
a person swings his right arm.
a person walks in a clockwise circle then walks straight ahead, doing a little run from side to side before turning back around and walking in the other direction.
the person walks quickly across the grey board in a wide stance along trajectory of the blue line like he's trying to walk over something.
the figure lifts both arms above its head in a stretching motion
a person claps their hands, then walks to a chair and sits down before reaching for an object with their right hand.
a man jumps once and then wobbles a little while moving legs apart.
a person leans to his right while balancing himself mainly with his right leg as his left leg is unsteady.
a person plays the guitar, strumming with their right hand.
a person walks forward in a southern direction, turns his body to look to his right twice, then slightly angles his body to the southeast.
moving arms to the right and left.
a person walks forward 2 steps, then makes a 180โฐ turn to his right by swinging his left leg around.
the person walks forward holding on to something, maybe a handrail.
a person walks gingerly in a coubter clockwise direction.
a person makes a shallow bow, before standing back straight.
a figure seems to balance on a beam or tightrope and wobbles to their left
a person runs slightly to the left.
a person takes a step backwards and sits down
a person alternates between striking with their left then right hand.
a person moves their right hand in a clockwise horizontal circle
a person walks a path that bends left.
the person is throwing a ball and then catches the ball.
person turns and looks to the left then walks straight ahead dragging left foot.
wipes down a counter with his right hand
person puts up both hands to their left, as if to catch something or shield their face.
the person bend down and crawl or walk with his knee forward three steps and turn around walk with his knee one step again and stand up.
a person is moving side to side while twirling in half circles.
the person is playing tennis.
the person is using both of their hands to empasize on what they are saying.
a person start to dance with legs
a person raises their arms, lowers them, then steps back and turns
a man imitates unzipping motion with his left hand
a person is shoved forward and recovers.
a person stands straight with his feet wide and lifts his hands up and shakes his hips.
a man shifts his position while sitting down.
a person appears to be performing a dance move, first moving backward, then forward, clockwise for one and a half circles, forward, and then backward again.
a person stands, then waves with her right hand, then motions "come here" with her right hand, and then waves with the same hand again.
a man walks forward with a bounce in his step before coming to a stop.
a person puts their hands together, turns sideways, and kicks with their right foot.
the person in the scratching his head with his right hand.
this person raise both hands to face then kneels down as if to tie shoe laces.
a person walks forward slowly.
moving the left hand and touch the head and stomach finally moving the both the hand and  stand.
a person is marching on the spot which then turns into a run.
this person kicks with his left foot while standing.
a person claps with both hands.
the person is dancing the waltz.
a person touches their right arm with their left hand repeatedly.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person jogs forward and begins to slow down.
a person alternately raises and lowers their arms, raising the right while lowering the left and vice versa.
a person steps back at an angle with the right side back the farthest, both hands slightly raised, then slightly bent over, shuffles several times at an angle with the right foot moving first, transversing the space, coming to a stop, facing the same way they started.
a person walks, confused and looking for something.
a person walking slowly forward
a person walks forward but also slightly to the right at the same time.
the person is looking at his wrist.
person is balancing on right leg and kicking their leg about
a person slowly walks from side to side going forward.
a person has their hands to their chest and is flapping their elbows with their head bobbing.
the person is playing the violin with his left hand.
a person makes small steps back and forward.
a figure streches its arms out the turns it upper half to the right and left.
a person walks to the left and starts to jog and then reverses and runs back the opposite direct and then does this 2 more times.
a persons throws 2 uppercuts and 2 jabs with the left hand.
a person slight runs forward then stops.
a man takes something off a shelf and puts it on a table.
a person raised left arm straight out front and then to the left and then down by his side.
a man walks forward with a bounce in his step before coming to a stop.
he puts his hands together, winds up with right arm behind him and throws his arm forward as if he is throeung a ball.
the person doing like a prey.
he does a gesture while exercising
a person dances awkwardly without skill.
walking forward and then stopping.
the person is moving something around.
person appears to be banging on bongo drums or another type of drum-like instrument.
a person walking forward, then a 180ยบ clockwise spin, then walking back to the starting position.
a person walks up and then turns around to walk back.
a person starts with their arms at waist height then moves slightly left and right.
a man crouches completely still.
a person is using his right arm moving it up and down leaving his elbow still.
person is doing jumping jacks.
a person holds their hands together and bows their head a few times.
the person is walking very fast around in a circle.
someone is holding something in their hand and doing very brisk arm movements like they are doing exercises.
a person jogs a few steps, swinging their arms naturally.
a person is doing exercise movements, moving his elbows and knees counter touching each other and finishing off with squats.
the person blocked being punched in the face.
a man does a high knee kick with his right knee traveling slightly forwards then walks to original position to do the same kick with his left knee
the person brings their left hand to their face as if eating an apple.
a person is swinging his left arm in a circle and then swings both arms.
the figure takes a step forward and picks up an object with their right hand staggers them and causes them to turn on their heel clockwise in a full circle.
a person takes steps in a circle and gestures angrily.
walking in a diagonal line.
person is making a basketball move
walks normally in a straight direction, turns around then walks straight back
a man hold object up to his ear with his right hand, then puts his right hand down.
someone takes two steps forward then does a spinning heel turn on one foot and returns to their starting position.
a person throws something with their left hand.
a person walks on a treadmill at a fast pace.
a person slightly bent down walks backwards in a circle.
the person takes a sit than gets up
the person stands on one foot, leaning over and using their arms to balance.
person walks backward, forward, and on a diagnol
the man slowly walks forward and then suddenly turned left.
a man slowly leans forward and moves around and carries a heavy object.
the person is sitting down checking their shoe.
a person who is poised to run, jogs a few steps forward, then pivots to his left and jogs five more steps.
a person washes the left arm.
a person reaches forwards with their left arm and gestures vaguely.
a figure crosses their arms at their chest, lowers both arms, then crosses them again.
this person moves both arms to the sides while being raised.
the person walks straight backwards
a person is doing a side step.
a person steps forward and reaches down to grab or place something with their right hand.
a person walks forward at a moderate pace.
the sim is holding an object with both hands, stepping forward then backward twice.
a person runs in place, stops, runs again, backs up, and then squats to the ground.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person, slowly moved to the left than lay down on all floors and went to right
a person brings his hands together in front of him and shakes them
person got up to throw baseball.
a person lifts their left hand up in front of them, then leans their weight on their left leg while putting their hand back down.
a person walks very slowly forward.
raising hands towards face then walking diagonally.
a person that is jogging in place.
a person is jumping rope backwards.
a person picks something up with their left hand and walks forward.
person is throwing and catching a football.
a person walks in a circle to the left holding backpack with both hands behind back.
a man squats and stays.
a person sits on an object, then stands up to sit on the ground cross legged before standing up again
a person puts his right and left arm into the air.
the person jump forward one step.
a man turns to the left in swings his left arm.
the person ran forward to kick a soccer ball.
person lifts and object and places it to their right
the person is making a right turn walking.
a person standing in place lifts and waves with his left hand.
a man paces back and forth.
the sim appears to throw an object underhand before making a catch.
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks to the left, then to the right, then back to their original position in the middle.
the man in a fighting stance turns around to the left.
the person is picking up something.
a person skips forward on leg then turns left. he does this four times.
the person is turning on the shower with her right arm.
a person is walking in a circle in the clockwise direction
he puts leg up and down
a person stayed on othe left leg and changed them while balancing
a person lifts their arms and bows from the waist.
person is walking around in a circle.
someone wipes an object in a circular motion with their left hand.
a figure walks forward in a zig zag pattern, stepping over something along the way
person has right arm raised high and shudders
a person lifts something to their face and wobbles their body in circles.
a person slowly waves his right hand.
person is walking backwards.
person picks up something and adjusts top with right hand and puts it back down
a person quickly walks forward.
a person walks straight then turns to the left.
a person takes a step forward bending their arm in a flexing motion.
moving arm towards chest then down.
a man jumps once using their entire body to gain height.
a person walks forward and raises their arms in victory.
a person sits down then uses left arm to push up.
a person jumps backwards, then jumps to the left, then to the right then back to the left.
a person jumps counterclockwise, then counterclockwise again at 90 degrees, and then clockwise circle.
from a standing position the person reaches up with their left arm and touches their head with their left hand, before lowering their hand back down beside their body
someone slowly and dramatically walks forward in a straight line.
the man is walking to hop
takes a few steps forward and one step back and then more ateps forward
person is looking around side to side and then nods.
a man crouches and moves his arms around.
a person runs from the middle to one side then turns around then runs to the other side, then runs back to the middle.
a man swings a golf putter.
a person steps back with the right leg first into a fighting stance and then brings both of their fists out to their face, then brings their left leg back and fakes a punch with their right arm
a person walking in a strait path with his/her arm swaying in a confident manner.
a person is walking forward from one end to the other and then turns around and returns.
person walking forward slowly leading with the right foot.
a man walks forward and then turns around, walks in the opposite direction and then put his left hand on his right arm.
person squats all the way to the ground, then leaps up all the way, raising both hands above the head.
stick figure holds arms out in from before lifting his left arm up
person is standing upleft with legs slightly bent and both arms stretched outward, both arms drop to the side while body is slightly rocking right and left for six seconds then return both arms stretched outward
a person moseys towards you.
a person scratches their neck with their right hand.
the person runs forward in a straight line.
a man is crouching then raises his right hand to his head the lowers it back down.
a man holds something with his left hand ,lifts it carefully to the mouth and puts it back as the right hand touches the mouth too.
a person lifts an item with both hands and rotates the left upward before placing the item back down in the same position
a person slowly walked forward
a person points around with their left hand.
grabing a golf club and lightly moving it
a person makes a quarter circle turn to the left.
a person takes a few steps forward, then stops
a person swing left arm all the way back and forward once.
a person flaps their arms like chicken wings.
a person is scrubbing something then puts it up somewhere.
a man starts to stand up from laying down.
a person walks in a small clockwise circle twice.
a man quickly walks across a room.
a person walks forward, leans down and wipes something with their right hand, as if to clean it.
a person walks diagnoally across a room from their right to left and bend to pick up and object, stand back up and look at the object they just picked up.
a man turns around and does a cartwheel to the left and then to the right.
a person sidesteps to their right and then back to their left.
a person gestures with both arms, puts their left hand on their hip, then gestures again
a person running back and forth.
a person walks backwards on their toes.
a man walks forward but seems to loose his balance
he turns to his right
the person is walking holding his head.
a person has arms raised in a t-shape, then lows arms, raises right hand, swings it to the right, then up and down.
a person stands on his left leg and hops up and down.
the person walks sideways and hops.
this person steps forward then sits on a stool to brush off his shoe.
a person stands with his feet wide and swings his arms above his head.
person stands upleft and moves right arms in a angry position while shaking his other arm
the person was pushed but then stood up straight.
someone puts both of their hands on their chests and appears to be laughing. then waves their right hand.
person looks like they kick something with both legs 2 times
a human figure is seen swimming
a person walks in a circle, clockwise.
a figure gestures rapidly with their left hand then sits
a person bends forward and straights, and then bends forward to touch their feet.
a person slowly walked forward
someone skates forward, stepping right and left before stopping at an angle from their starting position.
a person walks slowly from right to left on all fours.
a person bends at the waist, picks something up, then puts it down at waist level
a person walks forward several steps.
a person is sitting and stands up.
person is doing cross legged posing
person jumps up then waits for a bit and then walks forwards and stops
someone is sitting down and thinking about what to do
the man is standing still
a person is bouncing up and down lightly.
a man steps forward and moves an object in front of him with his left hand.
the person is filing their fingernails.
a person leans down as if to pick up something heavy and and tosses it to their right.
a man is walking on a treadmill with his arms swaying loosely at his sides.
person is walking straight ahead
a person walks confidently forward
person walks forward slowly and hesitates before standing upright
a person standing with left arm raised steps forward, looks at his hands then raises left hand as if it's holding something.
unscrew a lid and drink it
the person bends down to pick up something then walks to pick something else up then stirs something
a person jumping and kicking in the air.
a man walks towards the right then runs to the left and runs back towards the right.
a person is pushed backwards slightly
the person appears to be moving something with both hands.
a person is walking around the room.
a person reaches their red arm down and then lifts it up and walks in a circle by while moving all their body parts around.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
your son was playing football and stopped.
the person is swinging his extended arms, frontward in big circles as he walks forward.
a person turns and crouches, as if sitting in a chair, then gets up and walks forward a few steps.
a person walks forward and moves something with his left hand.
a person is strutting forward
a person walks in a 3/4th complete counter counterclockwise motion  while swinging their arms forward and backwards
someone lifts their left arm up overhead and stretches to the right.
walking in a diagonal line.
this person skips and kicks with his right leg.
punching with hands near chest.
a person slowly walked forward and after making the circle
a person slouches and holds their arms close to their chest.
the man lifts his arm and moves it numerously
a person is rocking a baby
a person standing up jumps one time, then is pushed to the right by something from the left, then shuffles to the right, then regains composure and terminates velocity.
a person puts his hands to his face to shout louder
a person slowly claps sarcastically
a man tries to open a jar.
a person stands still and slightly moves their right arm in a twitch then shakes their left arm as if loosening the muscles.
a person walks forward, spins right until he is facing the opposite direction, and then he walks back.
a man walks forward in an arc toward the left of the screen, then stops when he reaches the end of the platform.
person walks backwards, crouches down, then crab walks forward.
someone is mostly standing in place and then moving their arm up
a person is walking while holding a drink in their hand.
person is swinging interlocked hands back and forth
a person walks forward several steps.
a person kicks with their left leg
a man walks forward turns to the left and then walks back in the direct he came.
person lifts their hands above their head then goes down onto the floor and does a push-up, then stands.
a person walks forward and stops.
person is performing dance moves
the man is stretching his arms
a walking person suddenly gets staggered to their left, then recovers.
a person walks forward curving to the left while using his hands for balance on an unseen rail.
a person slowly walking while making a circle
a standing person using both of their hands to lean down and making a motion as if they were picking up an object that requires both hands
the person is walking aorund in an s like shape.
a person walks diagonally across a room from left to right.
a person moves both of his hand left and right bended as well imitating movements of an animal
a person runs backwards in a diagonal pattern.
a skeleton lifts his red hand toward the sky and then lowers it down to his side.
a person jogs forward and semi circles around to the left and then to the right.
a standing person sits on the ground with legs crossed then stands back up.
a person jumps up and down.
a man walks forwards down some stairs while holding the handrail with his left hand.
a person raises their arm up to touch something and then gives something to someone.
the person ducked to avoid being hit by some thing that was flying.
a person skips left and right briskly.
a person slowlt moved in left direction
a person connecting something together.
a person walks forward, stops and stands still
a person walks forward and towards the left.
the man side steps 2 to the right then sidesteps to the left then right back to where he began.
first and man stands and then he walks backwards towards his left while gesturing towards his right with his right hand.
person lifts left arm up from side position to vertically up and slightly over their head stretching their arm.
a standing person steps forward
the figure is walking forward, slightly off center.
a man runs forward in a straight line.
the person is flapping his arms like a chicken.
a person jumps in the air, then abruptly stumbles to his left as if he had been pushed, and finally he regains his balance.
a man is sitting in a chair with both his hands around an object that could be a steering wheel.
a person goes into a ducking position like they are shielding themselves from something
the figure walks straight then left and looks around and then back to the starting position.
person went around to sit on chair.
person raises right arm and waves in greeting.
a person walks around in a wavy/s pattern
she moves her left hand up, bending at the elbow, twice.
a person jumps and spins in place, then when they land they run forward, stop, and run backwards
a person sits down at a chair, then moves the chair around while they are still in it.
a person rolls their fists together and jabs with their right hand.
a person walking and then taking a left turn
a person takes a step forward with their left foot, throws an object with their right hand, and steps back.
a person takes a step forward and to his left.
a person made a welcome jesture, while his left leg down a little
a person lifts something up and tips it over.
a man steps back and kneels down
a person carefully walks backwards, placing his feet in very specific spots
a person who's arms are straight out, puts them down.
a standing man waves with his right hand.
the man throws with his left hand.
using their right hand, the person holds the neck of an air guitar, and with their left hand, they make strumming motions.
a person squatting down lifts his left hand up to his face over and over again
a person raises both hands into fists, turns sideways and punches out with their left hand, then lowers both hands.
a man is shot in the chest, falls to the ground, crawls and pulls himself up.
a person is crawling on all fours, and then gets up.
the man walks forward and turn 180 degrees around then squats down.  after this he stands back up and walks forward a few steps.
the person lifts their hands and squats, then returns to their original postion and repeats that set of motions.
a person leans left while stretching their right arm.
a person is sitting with his left hand in the air.
a person takes 5 steps forward, starting and ending with their right foot.
person is exercising arms in various movements
first move the left hand after move the right hand.
a person sits down in a chair and stands up.
person stands there and looks around.
a person raises their left hand above their head.
sit on the floor and shake the hands on upward direction.
a person bend the body, in righ and right direction
the man walks in a forward facing zig zag motion.
person doing dumbbell lifting exercise
a person waves with their left hand twice and waves a big wave with both in the end
a person walks while touching something with his left hand.
per son walking in a fashionable way using a rail as a guide
a person abruptly moves laterally to his left.
a person raises their arms above their head and then stretches back and forth and side to side.
a person uses their hands to clap
the person is doing something with his right hand .
person steps forward slowly five steps
a person running forward and going towards right.
a person jumps straight to the left, then jumps straight back to the right.
the man riases his left hand twice.
a man waves his left arm.
a person sat on something
the person is drinking out of a bottle with his left hand.
a person is playing a horn as they turn from left to right.
a man walks up several steps.
a person walking back and forth
a person drinks a bottle using their right hand.
a person carefully sits down in a swaying motion
the person is waving goodbye to their friend
he goes downstairs forward directally
a person lifts an object up to his face using his left arm
a person walks forward then moves up into the air as if they are walking up steps.
a person raises his left hand then propels it forward as if throwing something.
the person is standing there and walking around.
a person jumping on the rope, while staying on the same place
a person is waving with his right hand then stops
a man strides quickly from one side to the other
a man wobbles while walking forward.
a person is doing pushups while doing a wave motion with their body.
a person walks counter clockwise for a lap
the man windes  up and throws a ball.
the person is bouncing something betweeen both hands.
walking forward then to the side.
someone lifts both hands over their head to put on a hat.
this woman slightly leans left and then uses both hands to throw an object, towards her left side.
a man standing on a yoga mat.
waving hands in and out.
a person grabbed something and throw it away
the person is holding onto the handrail
a person throws with right hand and catches with both hands.
the person kept walking side to side to two subs so on so forth thteps to the other side and then two more steps to the other side and stopped
stretching and or moving. seems like excercise.
pretend to hold a ball in your right hand, toss the ball upward and kick it with your right foot as it falls toward your foot. take steps forward and keep going out of the area.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person breakdances while kicking feet and then flips backwards while spinning on their hands, landing on their feet
a person is on all fours on the ground then stands up
a person walks forward and the comes to a stand still
a person bends down, picks something up, sticks it in the ground and rotates it.
a person sidesteps to their right three time, then left four times, then one more step to the right.
a man walks first to the left backwards then forward to the left while both of its arms are straight up ahead.
a man walks in a large curvy, zig zag type fashion.
sitting down with hands near face.
a person wipes their hands on their upper legs.
the person did hop hop backwards.
this figure seems to be casually waking
a man walks from side to side while holding his right forearm with left hand, and then walks back.
a man takes several steps backwards.
a person walks backward, then moves forward while lunging.
a person walks in an s shape pattern.
well 8 rir it three years ago
a man is standing still, moves his right hand towards his face, then brings it back down
a person squats and puts their hands together in front of them.
a person carefully steps to the side, going to their left first and then their right.
the person is walking slowly like a monster.
a person swings their left hand upward to the right
someone grips an object in both hands and repeatedly raises and lowers it in a chopping motion.
a person kicking a ball.
a person walks clockwise quickly in an oval shape until they returned to starting position.
a person runs forward and jumps over something, then turns around and jumps back over it.
as a person walks forward, their left hand is touching something to give them support.
the person is preforming a swimming stroke know as the butterfly stroke.  the arms swing from behind the head and reenter the water propelling the person forward.
a person steps forward, turns around and walks to the back.
a person puts his hands together then puts them down again
a person sitting down and swinging back and forth.
the person shake hands with his friend
a man is sitting in a chair and uses both hands to push off of the arm rests to bring himself up out of the chair into a standing position.
the person pulls the book off of the shelf
a person walks forward and takes a right turn.
a person takes a left turn while walking forward
the man stomps his right foot.
person is practicing standing long jump
a man jumps up in place.
with his hands up in front of him, a person bounces up and down loosely, slightly turning from side to side.
a person walks backwards down steps.
person down on hands and knees stands up
the person walks backwards while looking left to right.
a man walk a couple paces to the right, walks back and past where he started by a few paces and then turns around and returns to his starting position.
a person feeling around , as if they are unable to see.
the person is running diagonally forward.
a person lifts their right arm and their right hand appears to press something in a cross formation from left to right, then top to bottom. then they repeat that action with their left arm and hand.
a person walks over things.
a person balances along a beam
a person walks in a curved line.
a person claps their hands.
a person shifts right, walks straight and then paces backwards.
a person is walking down stairs.
a person does double bicep curls with dumbbells.
standing in place with arms outstretched.
a man walks forward and then stops.
a person walking forward, turning around, and walking back.
a person stands up while doing an opera clap
the person sat down and crossed his legs.
a person is pushed forward.
a person raises their right hand up to their head then places it back down.
a person flutters their hands about randomly.
a standing person twists at the waist, reaches back to the left with the right hand, then twists to the right, and reaches back with the left hand four times.
a person walks forward, with right leg first
a person takes a quick step back.
a person stands and twists to the left to pick up what appears to be a light weight object ans then proceeds to twist to the left and place it down
a person is sitting down and turning a steering wheel.
a man walks forward, swings his arms to the right hand side of his body, then walks back and does it again.
the person starts their exercising with jumping jacks
a person walks towards an object, picks it up, turns around counterclockwise and walks back to the original position
person places left  hand on face and holds for a few seconds and then repeats motion using the right hand.
a person in the process of sitting down
the person was posing as a subject.
a man walks forward, turns to his left, and then stops.
a person raised the hadns and started to hit with arms
a person steps to his left.
a person picks something up with their right hand, and wipes down the item with their left.
a person nervously looks from side to side while holding their hands near their chest.
a person walks in a straight line, stumbling once slightly to their right as they do.
the toon has both arms raised at an angle above their head, as to be in the squatting motion for exercise.
a man stands with his arms above his head, and lowers his arms about shoulder level and then back up again several times.
feet apart, a person jumps in place three times using their arms to balance.
a person hustles down a short flight of steps before coming to a stop.
a person tip toeing in an l shape figure to the left.
a person walks forward a few paces without moving their arms.
a person picks something up, moves over to pick up another object, and then uses one to swipe at a surface.
someone slowly walks up the stairs with open and confident body language.
person is jumping and spinnin garound.
walking forward then crouching then running.
a person swings forward before stepping back, then puts their hand to their chest.
a person cautiously walks forward, and then turns around
a person pushes himself up from a sitting position, walks counterclockwise and starts to sit down on the ground again.
he runs in jumplace then stops
a person jumps and turns to his right
moving body side to side.
a person walks in a figure 8 facing right.
a person walks forward and is pushed by something on their left side.
a person swinging their right leg similar to kicking a ball
a person walks forward slowly.
walks in a tight circle the runs back and walks in a tight circle.
a man stands on one foot and bends the other at the knee repeatedly while holding onto something
he does the salsa dance
a person walks forwards quickly.
a person holds a ballerina pose and then starts to dance.
a man walks forward and then stops.
a man walks forward and turns around.
the toon has their both arms up & extending in a "dancing" position, while moving forwards then backwards.
a person is standing still while waving his right hand.
the person is playing the violin.
person is checking the time
a person is walking forward.
person is doing "i'm the little teapot" dance
person waves with left hand
a man walks sideways crossing one leg over the other in one direction, the walks back in the opposite direction
a person walks forward any diagonal direction
a person is kicking a ball with left foot.
the person is jogging in place.
the person is punching something.
a man picks something up and then walks forward.
this person walks around to the left then steps up to search for something.
a figure repeatedly turns towards the left hand side
a person slowly throws something to their left with their right hand.
a person is jump up and down while circling both hands forward, then continues to jumping on one leg alternatively.
a person walks forward for a few steps.
a person steps forward then stop to take a step backward before continuing to walk forward
the man runs forwards nicely
a figure walks forward slowly then turns and paces
the person walks forward with left foot first then stops.
a person walks forward and comes to a stop.
a person vaults over an obstacle.
moving hands to the side then towards chest.
a person jumps in the air while turning 360 degrees.
the person is walking leaning to the side.
a person starts a fight and shoves their opponent.
a person raises their hands to shoulder height and then lowers them to their waste.
a person walks briskly forward, swinging arms to his side.
person violently sweeps his arms back and forth across each other, as if fending off something from attacking him, while slowly moving backwards, then stopping and walking forwards.
a person walks forward while a line is drawn on the ground that follows the direction of the person walking and stays between their footsteps.
the toon bends down to pick something up before stepping backward slightly.
a person is climbing up a ladder and cleaning
a person walks forward grabs someting with their left arm, pivots counter counterclockwise, walks back and drops the item on the ground.
a person reaches with his left hand to pick up something on his right, turns to his left and uses his left hand in a polishing motion, then returns the item where he got it.
person is standing with their legs apart, they then do about nice small jumps up and down with feet in the same landing position each time.
the person is playing the drums.
a person does three jumping jacks and then stands with their legs apart.
the man drops his raised hand to make counterclockwise circles with his hands.
a man behaves like a chicken.
the man walks in an irregular circle returning to the starting point.
a person claps at normal pace , pauses and starts to clap again
a person is walking forward.
a person walks forward and moves something with his left hand.
a person takes a step forward to his right.
punching the air while standing.
he does some recovery stops
the person was bent over doing arm stretches.
the person was pushed from the right but did not fall down.
the person raises both their hands in the air twice
the person is running forward.
a man jumps from side to side with his hands to his torso.
a person standing with right arm raised steps forward, looks at his hands then raises right hand as if it's holding something.
figure rotates torso counterclockwise and then rotates hips clockwise
person is jogging in place.
the person is throwing something jn the air like a football.
a figure moves its right hand to its left shoulder then its right.
person walks forward and stumbles
a person walks in a semi-circular pattern, tip-toeing.
he picks something up then throwed it
a person grabs his left wrist with his right hand, rests his arms, then lifts them slightly again and returns them to a relaxed position.
a person performs three jumping jacks.
person looks to be controlling a vehicle with both hands on the steering wheel and uses their right hand to change gear
a man standing in place scratches his chin with right hand, then bends down to scratch his knee and his ankle.
figure appears to be walking on a treadmill
a person who is sitting, stands up and throws two objects.
a person is stretching their right leg by pulling it over their head.
a person rolls forward, turns around then rolls forward again.
a person who jumped forward
a person yawns and covers their mouth with their right hand.
a person walks backward slowly then sits down
the person picks up the bottle of wax then wipes down the car
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes four quick steps forward and stops.
a person walks forwards diagonally with a swaying motion.
person walks forward, turns and walks back
the person is is playing on the floor.
a person stepping diagonally to their right
a person crawls on their hands and knees, then stands up.
someone walks up to a position and then sits down on the ground.
a person is sitting and stands up.
a man walks unsteadily forward then turns around and walks back
a person walks forward from one side to the other.
a person runs forward, dives to the ground, and rolls forward.
a person standing up straight and putting both right and left hands together multiple times.
person walking with fast pace
moving arms in and out.
a person is waving their arms.
the person walks forward, spins on one leg and walks back.
a person does small movements as if they were imitating cooking. like adding spices to a dish or moving a pan.
a person holds both their hands up as if to look at something closely.
a person who seems to evade something from their right side and run at a insane pace
a person walks forward, backward, and then diagonally
a man steps forward with both of his arms stiffly at his side.
he crouches with his hands up
a person is mocking walking on a treadmill.
person is holding out hands to the side. then he holds hands in front of him and jabs each hand forward.
the person was pushed to the right but did not fall down.
a person hitting of a high surface
a person walks forward in a straight line putting one foot in front of the other in a tightrope motion with their arms up.
a person dances with someone.
the man is standing with his feet shoulder width apart and then he jogs in place.  taking turns raising his feet one at a time and lifting his arms one at a time.  he then stops and is in the same position which he started.
a person walks forward and steps over two obstacles, then turns around and walks back stepping over both of the obstacles again.
a person is boxing left and rigght
a person delivers pizza, receives money, then waves goodbye
the person uses the dumbbell with their right arm
a person sat down on a chair, leaned back, got up from the chair and took four steps.
a person is waving both arms.
a person lunges forward with his right leg, while bending his left leg. the person then comes back up to a standing position.
a person walks forward in a slow staggered pattern.
a person walks in a circle continuously.
a person walks forwards and almost falls backwards.
a person walks slowly down and then back up like a window shopper
a person crosses their arms then moves their hands
a person taking a bow forward. turning to his/her left, then taking another bow before returning to his/her original position.
a person lifts both hands together in front of them, then motions as if putting something down with each hand.
this person jogs forward quickly.
person is warming up upper body
a man walks forward and then stops.
a person is standing still, then walks forward and kicks something on the floor with his left foot
a person puts his left hand to his face.
a man walks bow legged across the room, his right arm seems to pull him along an invisible counter.
a person lifts something with their right arm, shakes something with both arms, then does a quick shake of something with only the right arm.
the person bends over to pick something up with his right hand.
the person is walking backwards straight and then back again.
standing in place with arms outstretched.
a person casually sways from side to side while waving their right hand, then waves their left hand.
a person is pacing around then places their hands on their hips.
a person is walking forward.
tip toeing carefully, one foot at a time. looks to be balancing
person is swimming using the breast stroke
a person picks something up on the right and sets it down on the left.
a man rotates his right arm in a wide circle in front of him, then does the same for his left arm, hanging the left arm in the air at head height for a second.
a man holds a ball with both hands then twisting the body to the right while holding the ball in his right hand putting his body weight on his left foot rotating his arm above head level following through with his arm rotation and releasing it about waist level.
person raises arms slightly at the sides.
three sidesteps to the left, then three sidesteps to the right and a small step back
a man stands up, walks clock-wise in a circle, then sits back down.
this person reaches high with both arms.
a person leans down to pick something up and then uses it with their hands.
a person is walking and bends to the left
the man begins facing the right side with both arms raised to his chest. the man then steps back and makes a cross motion with his arms almost like he is in a fighting game. he then goes back to his original form.
man stands straight up and down with arms to his side and kicks out his left leg and bends at the knee in a continuous motion for 3 seconds then lifts his left leg up into the air and creates a counterclockwise circular motion in the air.
person dribbles an air basketball and walks forward
a figure stands with bent knees and then gestures near their mouth as though yelling to someone else and then clasps/wrings their hands
a personal walks forwards at a slight angle and stops.
he lifts left foot and swings it sideways
the person walks and then started running.
a figure begins in a hunched position. once upright with arms bent, the figure interlocks its fingers and appears to stretch. releasing its hands, the figure stretches its arms gently to the sides, flapping like wings, fully extended.
a person raises their hand up towards their head and then outs it back down
a person starts a jogging on the place
the person stands while warming up their wrist and ankles
the person rotates both of their wrists
a person reaches forward with the right hand and then lets their arm drop to their side.
a man squats in the ground and clasps his hands, then stands up and squats on the ground again.
a person slowly walked forward and after making the circle
a man squats slightly and then jumps forward several feet, ending in a standing position.
a person holds something heavy above their head and squats.
a person makes a reeling motion with their hands while slowly going from hunched over to straight, and then tiptoes in a small circle, and then repeats the hand motion.
person moves forward and extends the left leg and kicks something to the front
the man plays the violin.
the person is walking but struggling with the knee
swimming deep in the ocean.
the person took one step back, one step to the left, one step forward and one step to the right to complete a box then took one more step back and did a side step while turning in  a full arc
a person walks forward with both arms streached out to their side.
the man is making step over gaps
the sim appears to be jogging in place.
a person steps forward, leave over and picks something up with his right hand and something with his left hand, then uses what is in his right hand to caress what is in his left hand before returning both items to their original places.
a person takes four steps forward.
a person picks up an item with both hands and sets it down somewhere else.
a person walks forward and picks something up
a person stumbles back with their left foot, and throws their hands up to catch their balance.
a person moves something with both hands.
a man lifts his left hand up and repeatedly hits something.
a person grabbed something with left and right hand and put it somewhere
a person claps, puts there hands down then claps again, and puts their hands down
a person is doing star jumps
the person is doing a fat kick lunge
person quickly takes one step forward
a man stands with prayer hands and shakes his shoulders.
the person lifts his right hand up.
someone takes one big jump forward landing on both feet.
a person who took a swift step to the left
a person is squatting down with both arms up to his face
a person squats down, bending at the knees and extending their arms.
a person is waving both arms around and then walks around.
the person was holding the left side of his head.
a person high kicks with his right leg twice and then high kicks with their left leg twice.
a person side steps to their left, then side steps to their right, then side steps back to the center.
a person walks forward at an angle to kick a ball
a person holds their arms up in front of them, bent at the elbow as if boxing and then shuffles forward and kicks out their right leg.
person steps forwards while turning to his right, then spinning around so he is facing where he originally started, then he steps forwards once, then steps backwards once, and shuffles to the left.
the person walks straight forward slowly while swaying their hips.
the body is bent forward clucking back and forth.
a person goes from standing to sitting cross legged with the left leg in front then returns to a standing position.
someone walks forward and places their right hand on a surface, leaning for support.
a person, standing in horse-stance, is adjusting their hands while crouched.
the person walks forward very slow
a figure sits, then rapidly stands again and paces anxiously before sitting again
a person bends his right elbow with his right hand in front and palm facing down, puts his right hand back down, bends both elbows with hands in front and palms facing down, moves his forearms from right to left twice, then moves his right hand down and in front of him while his left hand moves down at his side, and finally moves right hand back down at his side.
a person walks forward then spins right and walks back
a person has his arms extended and spins around clockwise twice, then does a jump forward and walks backwards to his original position
a person belly crawls forward.
the person is walking forward very slowly.
the person is doing a scamper dance.
a person runs on the spot in a circle.
it looks as though someone is walking down and stepping off of an escalator and is watching the last step where the belt returns.
a man is walking forward stumbles and goes to the ground and get back up.
a person walks and is pushed forwards.
someone is doing jumping jacks
a person claps his hands in front of his chest.
person stands in a fighting position and moves feet back and fourth little at  a time
a figure walks forward while using their right hand to perhaps balance on a wall
with his right foot behind him, a person bends his right leg at the knee and moves his body in that direction as if warming up for a sporting event.
a person is squatting and lifting their arms out to the side
a person goes in a fighting stance and kicks the air multiple times.
a person walks and turns to the right.
the person is acting like a human snake.
a person raises their arms to stretch their back and waste, then they stretch their arms forwards.
walking forward making a 90 degree turn to the right at a gradual angle
the person is walking back-and-forth.
a person runs around in a circle in a counterclockwise motion, completing two laps total
a person holding something with both hands, turns and throws the object with his right hand.
person walks for swings around on their list food then walks back to where they started.
a man stands with his arms by his sides
person quickly runs in a half circle, then turns around and runs back to the start.
a person runs back and forth appearing to hype themselves up for something.
person is standing with arms out
person waving hand up
the man exercises his arms then squats.
a person is walking and then falls to the left but recovers
a person walks forward then turns to their right and raises their right arm speaking to somebody
person is slow walking down.
a man blocks, and follows up with a kick.
a man walks forward; left, right, left, right, left, right, moving three paces.
a person stretches their left arm above their head.
a man stands up, walks counterclockwise in a circle, then sits back down.
a person leans forward and raises his arms above his head. then walks backwards.
the person stumbles around while holding their right leg.
he raises his right leg behind him and holds it while leaning forward, then lets it down and momentarily loses his balance.
a person raises their left hand then sets it back down.
a person stretches his arms out to the sides and then does a cartwheel to the right.
a person moving right and left briskly.
a person walks over a beam
a person raises their arms above their head, while doing squats.
the person is doing a leg stretch holding his left leg up
a person walks forward and steps over two obstacles, then turns around and walks back stepping over both of the obstacles again.
a person is sitting with one leg crossed, then switches and crosses the other leg.
the person is pretending to be an elephant.
a person walk forward and stumbles when pushed from the side, recovers and begins walking again.
a person who is standing with his left hand raised turns to his left.
person turns around and walks
a person gets pushed to the left and remains standing
person bends down at the waist
a person walks forward the the left then shift right before turning around.
a person sits down, stands up, and jumps in place.
person takes foreword and backwards steps moving to the back, then to their right, and lastly forward, turning 180 degrees
a person puts his arms to his side.
person crouches forward slightly, then runs ahead, then backs up quickly and flaps his arms once.
the person was jogging in place.
a person who is standing with his hands away from his sides takes two steps forward, swings around 180 degrees and takes two steps in the opposite direction and stops.
person appears to open some thing pick something up and put it near their face or mouth.
a sitting person sits up straight, than stands and finally sits back down.
a person jogs briskly across the floor
the person is walking very carefully over a balance beam.
person upper body bends over as if someone pushed him and regains his balance using leg strength
a person slowly walks forward.
this person appears to play tennis.
a person jumps forward with two legs and lands on both of his legs at the same time.
a man is standing still, then shuffles to the right quickly.
a person marches forward with arms swinging side to side and knees lifted high with each step.
standing on one foot.
a person walks around in a clockwise circle
a stick figure's right and left arms are moving up and down while a board under the stick figure's feet moves left and right.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides turns to his left and walks thee steps, does a 180 degree turn, walks five steps in the other direction, does another 180 degree turn and walk to the center and stops.
a person walks on a treadmill at a fast pace.
person standing with feet spread apart and appears to be calling out a football or basketball play.
walking side to side then stopping.
this person has arms extended out then brings them inward and extends them again.
a person steps forward, picks up something and then stirs and pours it.
a person runs forward in a non-linear way.
a person picks something up with their right hand and walks forward.
the person is marching and then going backwards and walking forwards.
a man spins around in place.
he raises his left hand in the air as in a throwing motion and then clasps it with his right hand
moving the right hand and go to the left legs to hold.
a person kneels down onto the floor.
a man, about face, raises both of his arms in the air and knocks with both hands.
person raises right hand in a slow forward gesture
a person stands still with their arms stretched out.
person is likely lifting dumb bells.
a person walks backwards and stops.
person walks forward fast then stops
a man turns from left to right back and forth, waving his arms in karate chop motions.
a man takes a step and then throws with his left hand
a person moves their right arm from their side, infront of themselves just below shoulder height.
a person goes down to the floor doing push up
a person kicks a ball with his right leg.
raising arm as if to shoot a basketball.
a person slowly walking while holdoing on to a rail.
man kneeling paying respects to a fallen soldier.
a person steps wide to their left, to their right, to their left, to their right, and then continues walking normally.
a person takes big steps/lunges starting in a leftwards motion beginning to make a square shape
the person is sitting down.
a person drastically stumbles around.
a person excitedly pumps their right fist.
man jumps twice in place
a person steps over a hole.
a person walking in an anti-clockwise circular pattern
a man walks forward, then moves quickly to his left and then back to the right.
a person picks something up with his left hand and bring it up to his face
a person claps their hands together repeatedly.
a person walks towards the right side, while waving both their arms.
a person calling out and wavings to the left and right.
a man is swinging his arms
a person standing recoils from a blow to the face and places their hand to their face in reaction. they check their hand for any bleeding
i person side steps to his right, sliding his feet across the ground.
a person puts both of his hands on his left upper thigh and bends slightly down to relieve pain, the person is caring for his left upper thigh and making sure it is ok.
the person is standing up doing wrist circles.
a man does a mach demo of the breast stroke leading with his left hand
the man is standing still covering his mouth with his hand
the person is tossing with his right hand.
the man is doing exercises with his left arm.
the figure makes a motion as if it's moving a large but light object to the side.
a person is sitting with his legs spread apart.
a person swings its arms as they jump up and down once.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes four very slow steps forward.
a person casually walks forward and then stops dramatically.
a persons walks forward, then make a slight right turn and continues walking
running in a circle.
a person stands on the spot with both their arms chopping something
a person sways from side to side.
person walks forwards before turning left, walking in a half circle, before turning right and walking in another semi circle, before turning back forwards.
a man twist his body to the right, stand straight and then shifts his body to the left.
a person crouches then lunges forward with a kick.
a person claps once then walks forward then sits down.
a person makes several small hand gestures, walks forward and to the right, turns around and appears to pour something into a container.
person is practicing karate kicks
a person raises their right arm to look at their right wrist.
a person turns around and walks five feet, then bends down as if to pick something up
a person boastfully meanders across a room in a confident manner.
this person dribbles with his left hand and shoots.
a person runs moderately in an oval shape
the person is just standing still then straightens out their arms on both sides.
a man juggles two objects with both of his hands.
a person is pushed backward on his left side.
a man turns to his right, walks forward, then suddenly staggers as he holds his shoulder with his right arm as though struck by something, then resumes walking, turns to his right, and walks again.
the figure gets on its hands and knees, crawls forward, then turns counterclockwise and crawls forward again before standing back up.
a person standing on one leg.
a man throws something and then puts his hands up before throwing something else.
a person kneels down while holding onto a stool
a person throws something underhanded with their right hand
person is walking as if injured
a figure lifts his left arm and stretches it overhead
a character is facing forward at the front of the mat then turns in a counter clock wise motion. they then walk in a crouching motion towards the back of the mat.
with one foot in front of the other, a person hops back and forth from their right foot to their left foot several times.
a person walking slowly across something.
a person walks backwards and stops.
a person slowly jumped forward
a man runs away, forword he goes with his hand over his head.
a person does a jumping-jack.
person is using their left arm to wave
walking and then swinging arm back and forth.
a man swings both arms like bird wings, then puts his arms on his knees, after sometime he repeats a swinging motion
a person lifts its left arm in the air with a slight bend, and then brings it down to meet with its right arm.
a man appears to slowly celebrate with a fist pump.
a person begins to start walking forward and then stops after about 3 steps.
the person lift their hand then put it down
someone takes several steps from right to left, then side steps halfway back to the right.
a person raises their left arm and waves from side to side. then their hand drops to their side.
person takes on phone and talks to somebody, then ends call
a person is standing and uses their right arm to punch upwards.
the man is moving his arms
a person walks in place
a person picks up something, rotates it with their right hand on the bottom, and puts item back in original spot.
jumping forward quickly then stopping.
a person holds on to their left leg in pain.
a person is side stepping both ways
a person bends his right arm, raises it chest high, and then returns it to his side.
a person walks and then puts both arms out while bowing.
a person raised their arms above their head, and squatted.
a person is standing still, slightly swaying their left & right arms,
walking forward and then tripping.
a person turns to the lift, walks forward and then walks up some steps, then turns left again and then steps down.
a person takes off their t-shirt using their left arm.
person appears to salsa dance or something similar.
a man is riding a motorcycle.
someone has received a phone call that they seem to be fidgety on
a person walks forward calmly.
a person walks straight then walks in a diagonal line to the left.
a person climbs up a set of stairs, turns around, and then walks down the stairs.
a person swings his left hand.
a person walks forward then turns around and takes long jumps.
a person sitting on the floor scratches their head and then leans back on their right hand.
a person gets on his hands and knees and crawls to the right then turns around and crawls back to the left and stands back up on his feet.
a person puts both hands together and spreads them apart.
person raises arms and moves counterclockwise
a man walks forward while using his right hands for stability.
a person having a difficult time figuring out a dance to perform.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides confidently takes four steps forward before stopping.
the person is moving from side to side.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides confidently takes four steps forward before stopping.
a person stands with their arms out to their sides, drops them down and then holds them out in front of them, palms facing but not together and then drops them to their sides.
character akwardly swaying back and forth, places arms out infront of their body, and hold hands out.
a person slowly walks forwards and veers slightly to their right.
a person is lightly pushed from behind.
person gets on the floor and starts crawling
the man take a step raises his right hand and looks at something.
a man is moving forward and makes a motion of climbing up steps.
laying down and crawling forward.
the person turns around and sits on the ground and then stands back up.
a man sits down cross legged then stands up again.
person walks very slow to front
a person walks forward in a gingerly manner
this person walks around from left to right and sits down and then gets back up.
a person hold their hands in front of their face, then bends down to tie thier shoe.
the man made a pointing motion towards the camera. he retracted his left arm and then placed it by his hips.
a person, while shrugging their shoulders, makes lateral movements to their right in a curvy-like fashion.
person is in a boxing stand, moving to the right to the left and hopping up and down slightly.
a person is punching with his right hand.
a person does a small jump
a man jumps and turns to his right.
a person bends their knees and jumps forward.
a man is walking forward
a figure elegantly stretches, slowly, with their arms extended and right leg extended
a man walk and make a left turn.
a person raises their left arm up to their face.
a man walks foward,picks something with his left hand,puts it on the right side and then walks back.
a person walks forward grabs someting with their right arm, pivots counter clockwise, walks back and drops the item on the ground.
the person swings a golf club.
person is waving hi with the left hand.
a person walks around and then walks in the shape of a triangle but then they back peddle
character akwardly swaying back and forth, places arms out infront of their body, and hold hands out.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person who seems to be tapping on a surface repeatedly with both hands
a person performs a forward kick with their left leg.
a man standing with bent knees lifts his hands to make a t-pose then puts them back down to rest on his knees.
a person walks forward then back while looking down.
a person walks forwards towards the camera and throws their arms up casually as if to say " oh well ".
a person walks straight forward quickly
a person moves forward quickly, and spins while twirling their arms above their head
a person walks quickly and intentionally in a zig-zag pattern forward.
a person walks forward, backward, and then diagonally
a man picks something up and then puts it back down.
a perosn brushes their teeth, spits, and then sets their toothbrush down.
a man is walking and jumping.
the person is doing quick jumps up and down.
a person rises from a seated position, turns to the right, walks three steps, stops and stretches out arms.
the guy is jogging down the street.
person is looking at his left wrist.
crouching and then laying down.
a person walks forward averagely.
a person walks forward, then takes a big step forward.
a person raises arms either sides and straight outwards.
person doing dumbbell lifting exercise
a person standing takes a small jump.
the man picks up a brushes nd brushes someone's hair then puts the brush back down.
a man stands with his right arm outstretched and moves his right leg in various directions.
a person stiffly walks forward and backwards.
the person was pretending to be a dog.
a person stands in a defensive stance with right arm and leg forward, then uses the right forearm for a block across the body.
a person plays a guitar and lowers their arms.
a person walks in a counterclockwise direction.
a person is moving is left leg and making dance steps.
the person turned around very quickly.
a person is cheering and dancing
person walks forward in a semi-straight line with arms extended out to the sides.
the man does a crazy break dancing routine
a person gets nudged backwards on their right shoulder.
a person walks diagonal leading with the right leg, then turns to walk back while swinging arms.
a person does a cartwheel
he lifts dumbblell with two hands
a figure walks forward drifting slightly left taking six steps and halts.
person is walking back and around and throwing something.
the man is walking to hop
a person walks forward at a moderate pace.
a man moves fowards and staggers to the right side  and then moves fowards making a s shape.
the person is walking forward slowly.
a person runs to the left then the right then back to their original position.
a person holds their hands up from their sides and then slowly makes circles and moves them in and out.
figure gets on knees crawls forward turns around and crawls back
the man raises both of his hands above his head while shaking his hips back and forth.
a person walks down in an s pattern, bends down and picks something up and puts it down to the right twice in a row.
this person raise both hands to face then kneels down as if to tie shoe laces.
the person walks backwards in a straight line
a person seemingly looks around while they are in a crouched position.
a person raised their arm up then back down.
quickly waving arms above head and then clapping while looking around.
a personal walks forwards at a slight angle and stops.
a person puts his left hand to his head.
a person boxes to left and right.
a person bends their knees and jumps forward.
using both arms and calmly lifting and dropping from left to right.
the person is pouring some thing with his left hand.
a person walks forward carrying something.
a person bent slightly over and picked something up with right hand and turned to right and  shaking item, looks as if is cooking and adding items to a pot of water.
a person puts things together and begins to stir them with their right hand.
figure runs in place, stops, then touches opposite knee to elbow 6 times
a person communicates by using their hands
a man steps forward with his right foot.
a person tries to keep two people separated.
a person spins while pivoting on their left leg.
a person makes a motion as if throwing a baseball, lifting his right leg in the process.
a person walking forward and then turns around
a person with his hands down by his sides reaches down for something with his left hand, uses the object to make a stirring motion, then places the item back down.
a figure walks forward and perhaps down stairs
a person crosses their arms.
a man steps forward, then turns to his right and climbs up onto something using his right hand for balance, stopping with both  hands held at hip level.
a person lifts their left arm
person walks  slowly forward
a person starts off standing forward then jumps backwards.
a man lifts his left hand to his mouth, walks forward and lifts ups his left leg.
a person steps back while shaking their shoulders and steps forward.
a person lifts their left arm, returns it down, and walks backward.
a person jogs forward then turns and jogs back twice.
walking backwards then back.
a person is walking and then pivots, and turns in the other direction.
a person takes a step forward.
body moves in counterclock motion once and then jumps into counterclock motion twice after while leaving a mark on the floor.
someone slowly walks up the stairs with open and confident body language.
the person walks sideways in both directions.
a person walks to the right, then circles back and turns again.
a person walks backward in a clockwise circle.
a man is shadowboxing with himself.
a person walks forward and is pushed to the left but recovers to original trajectory.
a person walks down, throws left hand up and walks off to the left.
a person moves side to side in a zig-zag fashion backwards.
a person walks forward and to the side
a man walks forward turning to the right.
person raises both hands together chest height and rubs hands together
a person is walking and bends to the right
a person leans forward and moves around.
a person walks forward then stops and then they turn left and go down some stairs then they turn again
a person walks forward and to the side
someone crosses left leg in front of right then lowers body down in a sitting position and puts their arms in front for support
this person jumps up and down several times in place.
a person walks forward and looks up.
a person jumped and spun at the same time in the air.
the person walks forward and turns and walks back to their original position.
a person stands and waves happily with their red hand.
person is standing and does a left kick
a person warms up with some jabs and uppercut punches from a standing, stationary position.
a figuer appears to be washing windows
person looks like theyre holding a microphone and talking into it
a young girl grasp the pencil in her right hand to write a sentence to her techer she got angry when she couldnt think of  what to write.
ski mountain lodge  go down the mountain slowly
walking forward then bending down
there are lots basketball signals
a person walks in circle with its left arm raised
the person is standing up being flexable
a man stretches each of his arms over his head.
a man walks backwards keeping his legs wide apart
a person walks in a counterclockwise oval.
man runs in a half circle.
person walks forward, turns around, and walks back
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides bends his knees and takes a short hop forward.
this person walks a couple of steps then bows forward.
person is walking towards the right and then the last and then back to the right.
person takes step forward with left leg before kicking out with right foot, swinging right arm simultaneously.
a person raises their right arm to the left, then to the middle.
a man lowers and raises his forarms.
a man slowly walks forward.
person clapping while standing up.
a person picks something up and moves it to the right.
a person raised right and left hand and jumped
a person walks towards the left side.
the person is crouched down and raises their right hand
a person throws a ball and seems to not have it thrown back at them.
the person has their legs spread past shoulder width and is pushing their shoulder into a surface on his left, as if trying to shoulder a door open.
a person walks forward, turns, then walks back
this person throws with his right hand as if playing baseball.
a person jumped forward, and backed, and repeat it
person kneels down and steadies them self down with their right hand
a person moving all around moving their body around in many positions.
this person walks slowly around to the right then turns and stumbles to the left.
the person is moving their right hand around while sitting or crouching.
a person steps over something.
a person stands with arms hanging before clapping once, dropping her arms for a moment, then clapping for a  few moments before dropping her arms again.
the man walks forward at a medium pace
a person bends forward from the waste, walks diagonally towards the left, then stops and turns back while lifting their right arm, the person then returns to the bent over position and continues forward.
this person walks forward, grabs something with his right hand and walks back then repeats it.
rotating arm forewards, then backwards
a man is moving both arms up and down to a beat.
the right hand is thrown fast forward as the left foot takes a step forward.
a man jumps up and down 10 times.
man scratches his face with his left hand
a person slowly walks forward.
the person makes several motions to warm up.
a person who is standing with his hands away from his sides takes two steps forward, swings around 180 degrees and takes two steps in the opposite direction and stops.
a person walks up two steps, walks down two steps, turns out and walks up and down the steps again.
a person bent down walks sneakily towards the left.
the person standing and saluting someone.
a man is punching something several times with both his hands.
twirling with the arms loosely tuck in while going in a circle.
moving arms out while walking.
person moves from back centre to front left then moves back one step and leans forward
the foward facing figure starts with its arms spread, it walks forward two steps and bends forward; making a scrubbing motion with its right hand.
the person is walking fast to the left.
the person walk forward and then waved.
person is waking to the side up withh both arms bent as he twists them around each other and then bows forward from the with his left shoulder.
a person jumps at one place with both legs.
he does some recovery stops
a man crouches and moves his arms around.
person walks up then bumps into something and takes a slight step back then continues walking
a person walks gingerly in a coubter counterclockwise direction.
a person slowly walked forward and returned
a person walks forward and moves something with his right hand.
a person stretches before sitting down in a chair
a person starts off jogging in a semi circle and then slows to a walk.
a man rocks back and forth while standing still.
a hunched-over person sneaks into a space, looking left and right. then they stand upright, notice something, and prepare to run to the right.
[from:to(0:3s)] a person dodges something to his left, before squatting down.
a person stands slightly bent over with both it's right and left arms connected in the center of their body. the figure then sways its connected hands from left to right slowly.
someone standing and moving hands
the person is walking forward towards the left.
person is sitting doing something with hands, perhaps sewing
a person is walking slowly in zigzag
a person crosses their arms then uncrosses them.
the person is coaching basketball signals.
a person walks in a zig-zag pattern.
a man moving like a chicken.
a person walks clockwise in a complete circle and stops.
person walks forward and stumbles
starting with his left foot and shoulder forward, a person turns his torso counterclockwise, extends his right arm up and forward, and lowers his left hand down.
the person is jogging in place.
a individual is standing still then crosses both their let and left arms together before resting their arms at their sides again.
a man stretching back and forth side to side
the man does 3 jumping jacks.
person takes small steps with arms raised above head and pumps occasionally.
a man walks forward and then stops.
lift your leg and extend it about hip hieght then place your foot back on thr ground.
sit on the floor and through some thing.
the person is marching and then going backwards and walking forwards.
a man emulates jogging, shuffling around in a couple counterclockwise circles while keeping his body facing forward the whole time.
a person is swimming towards the screen.
person walks diagonally to one end of the room. the person turns around and hunches over to return to original position.
a person is walking backwards.
person has their arm out, put them down then waves with their left hand
a person walks to the left side and stands.
a person jumps on the spot twice.
person stands still waving both arms above head  then moves both arms up and down then moves knees in and out then bows slightly forward
the person is is playing on the floor.
a person rotating down to the ground and reaching with one arm.
the person is catching and throwing a football.
a man slightly staggers to the right while walking down a slope.
walking backwards very slowly.
mans has hands over head before flexing his muscles
a person is going to sit down and using his right arm to balance before sitting in a lotus position with the right foot behind the left with arms on the side. then goes back to his original position.
a man balancing on small object,.
the person gets on the ground, crawls, and gets back up and returns to their original position.
a person swings both their arms.
a person calmly walks forward and then stops.
a man takes steps from left to right
the person is walking slowly like a monster.
figure appears to be supporting a large item
this person sits down with legs crossed then stands back up.
a person is spinning slowly in place, reaching hands out occasionally.
a person walks in an s shape pattern.
a person running in a line
a man squats and walks forward.
person is stretching by wrapping one arm around the other and having the stretching arm out to their side.
this person is walking backwards aboht 5 steps
the body walks forward then jolts backwards one step with the right foot.
person is doing high knees and rotating arms into the air
the person is leaning slightly back and forth
this person waves his right arm up and down as if to enjoy a beat.
the person is wiping the table with the right hand in a circular motion.
a person reaches forward and makes movements as though they're washing something
a man runs straight forward
a person walks straight backwards.
a person slowly walked forward in left direction and after in right direction
a person grabbed something and put it somehwere
a figure walks forward slowly.
a person raises both arms waist-high, grabbing the right forearm with the left hand briefly, then returns to rest.
man lightly jumps from one side to the other
figure appears to be moving items one at a time from left to right
a person does salsa dancing forward and then turns around.
a person is jogging in place.
a standing figure repeatedly reaches his head with his right arm, then brings his arm down, pausing and gesturing at about the midway point.
a person swings their right to the left and then their left leg to the right.
at a sideways angle, a person walks foreward then backwards
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person walks slightly left and walks forward.
the person walks forward with their left hand leading. they swivel to the right with their leg kicked up. they put their leg down again and go back up the ramp
a person takes a step to the side with their left foot, and then retracts their foot as if nervous.
moving and unbalance on the legs.
a person holds their hands out in front of them, pushes their hands forward, then signals their left hand in a half circle before crossing their arms.
the man walk forward and move the left hand to the left side and went back.
a figure walks in a straight line, turns and sits facing away, then stands and walks away
a person is standing and clapping.
person took a back walk.
the man is walking around in a circle in a hunched position as if to show he is sneaking.
a man takes two steps backwards, briefly sets down, stands back up, and takes a step forward.
a person is bouncing around while flapping his arms.
a person marches forward with arms swinging side to side and knees lifted high with each step.
a person bending their elbows in front of them similar to bicep curls
a person holds their hands in front of their face and looks around
a person picks up something with their right hand and brings it to their face before putting it down.
a person walks forward, picks up an object, turns and walks back, put the object down on the ground, continues walking, then leans down.
a stick figure stands legs apart and with both arms bent in a w position before dropping their right arm down towards their left leg and then returning to the orginal position
a man walks forward with arms relatively stiff at sides.
a person is pushed forward and stands still.
a person grabbed both hands and did something
a man walks a step forward and kicks with his right foot
a person lifts his right hand to his face.
a man walks a straight line forward.
a man walks forward, turns around, and starts to turn around again.
this person slowly walks forward then stops.
a person walks with their arms straight out and legs stiff, in a u shape.
a person is swinging his arms back-and-forth like a monkey.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides quickly walks to his left and stops.
person raises both hands above the head, laces the fingers together, stretches upward and then puts arms back to the sides.
man walk straight forward, body shifted to the right just a little and walk straight forward turn around then straight walk.
a man slowly walks backwards and then walks side to side before walking forwards.
a person is boxing right and rigght
a figure reaches left hand up and out to the left, almost like its spreading a path.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
the man is making gestures with his left hand
a person dance with his hands together.
a person walks with side steps to the left and then walks forward, then turn around and walks back
someone moving forward and stopped
a person lifts weight with both arms and bends legs.
person lifts both hands up and then down, then kneels with the right leg first helping himself with the left hand and then the left leg
the person appears to be doing crunches at a normal pace.
a person walks in a twisting path to the right and then to the left.
the body runs forward fast.
a person walks to the left and then back to the right and then back towards where they syarted from.
a person swings their arm as if they are hitting a tennis ball.
a man walks at a slant, crossing his ankles as he moves first to his left, then to his right.
a person walks forward at a fast pace
person is waving with their right hand
a person is kneeling down to sit on their knees.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person walks quickly and intentionally in a zig-zag pattern forward.
a person stands from a sitting position, sits back down and rests their legs on the stool
a person stands for a moment, then walks quickly forward, turns, and walks the other way.
the person is pretending to be an elephant.
a person jumps and spins 180 degrees.
a person hollers around with their hands at their mouth.
person steps forwards and reaches out with both hands to grab something, then raises both hands to mouth with the grabbed item.
someone walks in a circle starting with their left foot while holding their arms at their sides.
a man walks in a counterclockwise circle calmly with arms swinging to his sides.
the right arm extends like a boxing hook.
person is in a boxing stand, moving to the left to the right and hopping up and down slightly.
a person shuffles to the right, then to the left, then back to the right.
a person grabbing a item and then looking to the right and shaking the item then placing back down in the same place
the figure takes a large step to the right.
a person walks slowly, appears to be drunk, stops after taking two steps
a person walks to the right side, then runs forward.
a person moving arms around uncomfortably.
a person waves with both arms above their head
a person brings both hands to their chest, then pushes them outwards twice.
a person gathering to throw a ball.
the person pretends to be a t-rex
a person does a jumping jack three times.
a person jogging in place
a person walks in a diagonal to their left, and then scratches their left shoulder.
a person takes a few steps then puts their hand on their hip
the person is walking forward.
a person appears to be moving something with his hands.
a person opens something and takes a drink from it.
a person is pushed to the right but quickly recovers
the person picked up some thing and put it to the left.
a person dances in a figure of eight movement as if they are waltzing
person appears to flex his muscles as if they are a body builder.
a person raises their hands in front of their face then shifts from side to side.
the person staggers backwards, off balance, then steps sideways in an unsure zig-zag. then they turn to their left and are surprised by something, staggering back once more.
a man starts jogging forward quickly.
a man pats himself on the head
a man paces back and forth around a room with his hands at his hips and his head downtrodden in frustration.
a person walks upstairs
a figure rubs their forearm anxiously
a person walks forward, then reaches with their right hand as if to take something at shoulder height, then walks back the way they came, turns again, and walks forward once more.
person quickly walks forward and stumbles
someone is stretching their arms up to the front and up on their side.
a hunched-over person sneaks into a space, looking right and left. then they stand upleft, notice something, and prepare to run to the left.
figure stumbles, arms raise, pushes forward to hell with it.
person is doing some kind of gesture
the person is doing body stretches.
a person looks around, looks at his right wrist, then walks backwards and forwards
a man brings his arms up to neck level and punches the air in front of him with his left hand as his hips rotate, before returning to a standing position.
a man is standing with his arms elevated at his side, he lowers his arms and sits, then raises his left arms as if picking up something
a person slowly walked forward
a person is sitting down and then stands up.
person is walking on a treadmill
a person jogs in an clockwise circle twice.
a person walks down some steps slowly and then walks back up
a man with left arm over shoulder.
the person is walking like a human monkey.
a person stands in place and then steps sideways to the right.
a person raises their left hand slightly then place it back down.
a person walks forward confidently.
a person stretches out their arms then buts their hands to their wait before raising the left hand to their face.
the man writes across a wall.
the figure looks like he is dribbling a soccer ball.
a man jumping and opens his hands like a hug .
the man steps forward 2 steps swings around and walks back.
the person is waving with his right arm.
a hunched person drags something around the floor with both hands.
the person is sweeping the floor.
figure does a jumping jack.
the sim is balancing on their right foot, before alternating to their left foot.
the person goes for a short jog
a man walks forward full length and then goes into a amateur salsa dance routine walking backwards half-length; finishing with a 360 degree rotation
a man walks in a circle.
person scatches head and armpit like a monkey then pretends to hold a baby
a person raised the hands and sit on something
a hunched individual slowly wobbles forward in a drunken manner.
a person jogs forward and slightly to the right.
man runs backwards and then stops and stands
the person is walking in a straight line
a person sat on something
man doing a shaking hand motions
a person jumps from ground and then squats, then does another jumping squat.
the person is walking forward to the right.
a person picks something up with both hands, tilts it, then sets it down
a person walks slowly forward and ever so slightly to the right, then stops; body language seems aggressive.
walks in a slight bend to the left and back, where the right hand goes up and down in a slow chopping motion.
a person hops on one foot, then lands on two feet twice then turns around.
a person makes basketball gestures.
he does a shower on right arm
a person walks a few steps forward, turns around, maintains a squat position, and starts clapping.
stick man does fighting movements kicks in the air punches the air and stops
a person is demonstrating how to gently throw an object with his left hand.
a person goofily walks around in a clockwise motion.
a person catches with both hands and throws underarm with left hand.
a person is dancing in circles and then punching.
with slightly bent knees, the person raises both arms outstreched to shoulder height.
a person threw an item with his left hand while stepping forward with his right foot and returning to his original spot.
walking in a fast pace forward.
drinking something using the right hands
a person raises the left hand toward the face, then lowers it.
the person sidesteps to their right, then moves back to theuir starting position.
a person steps forward, raises their hand to their face and makes small gestures, then repeats the motion.
walking forward and then moving hands.
a person walks forward and then turns in the opposite direction and walks backwards, raises their right arm and then turns around again to face forward.
a person walks to the right the walks back to the left.
a person starts to run while starting from a standstill position across a floor and then stops.
walking forward in a slow motion.
a person raises both hands to chest level out in front of them makes a swatting motion with right hand for five seconds and then a single swatting motion with their right.
a person uses their left arm out in front of their body in a counter-clockwise rotating motion
a person turns counterclockwise and then spins multiple times clockwise.
individual appears to run and jump.
man starts walking and then goes left and then right and then right again.
a person cautiously walks forward, and then turns around
a person sits on a chair behind them and then stands back up.
a man walks forward then turns the right and continues to walk.
a man twist his body to the left, stand straight and then shifts his body to the right.
a person walks in a left bend direction.
a person stands bent over making a scrubbing motion with their right hand.
a person lifts their red arm twice then squats down
a person walks to his left.
someone steps back with their right foot and then sits down while placing his hands on his knees with elbows out.
person person was walking over a balance beam.
a person is playing basketball.
a man jogs from the left side and stops turns and jogs back to the right side and stops and jogs back to the middle where they started.
a person jumps straight up and down, twice in a row.
a person is in a fighting stance.
a persong takes five steps forward, begining and ending with their left leg.
the man takes a step and picks up 3 things takes a few more steps and places one thing on the table then turns around to head back.
a man turns to the right in swings his right arm.
the person is standing up doing wrist circles.
the person turns on the faucet to wash the dishes
moving hands back and forth while standing.
a person shields themselves with their left arm.
a person quickly side steps to the right and then to the left.
the person is kicking with his right leg.
person is performing golf motion
a person turns around, walks forward, turns around, and then walks back.
a man holds his right hand out and then lowers it.
swinging their hands up to chest level the person jumps once.
a person hammers a nail into a wall.
he turned to his left and then start moving towards right and then moving to left.
bending forward twice while standing.
a person balances on their right leg while kicking their left foot out, then rotates their neck, and finally performs a squat.
a person move their left hand around an object, scrubbing it from all angles.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides pauses, hops to his right, slides on his right foot and stops.
a person claps at normal pace , pauses and starts to clap again
a person steps to his right, bends his knees and takes steps forward hunched over.
a person crosses their arms to their chest.
a person lifts object from the right and moves it to the left.
a person swims a breast stroke.
a person stumbles forward then walks back.
a person turns to run back and then turns to walk forward.
the person gets down on all fours and starts crawling.
moving hands in a circular motion.
the person is doing a fancy dance.
a person leans forward with their hands clasped together.
a figure walks forward confidently
the figure walks sideways starting with the left leg before the motion repeats and the figure drags its legs to the right.
a person raises his right arm and then waves at someone.
a man walks in a half crescent, imitates a monkey, and puts his arms to his side.
a man takes a step forward, takes his right arm and moves it left to right then takes a step back.
the man is walking forward
person is warming up their arms
a person raises their left hand to their head.
person is walking back and forth.
a person is dancing a waltz.
person raises both arms in a position as if to block something coming their way.
a person is pushed forward and stands still.
a person walks forward with a strut.
a figure raises his right arm and aggressively points with this right index finger
a person limps around the floor, waving their arms to keep balance.
a person steps back and uses arms to lower themselves into a seat, then stands back up and takes a step forward
someone walks to a door touches it and leaves
a person bows down as if greeting someone.
a man takes small jumps while throwing his arms up towards his head in a star motion.
a person who seems to slap something
a man lifts an object with his left hand to his face.
a person slowly walks a line that curves to the left.
a person kneels down with left hand
a person runs forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person stand on the ground while moving right and left holding their left hand forward
person prepares food on a kitchen worktop.
a person squats down with their knees bent.
the person is excercising touching toes.
a person slowly walked forward and returned
a person is standing and moving their forearms up and down at the same time.
a person is standing up, then sits down crossing their legs and stands back up.
a person punches the air with their left hand
a person opens a bottle and drinks with their left hand.
the man exercises both arms by bending them repeatedly.
a person jumps forward and then rolls forward on the ground and stands back up.
a person steps diagonally and stops.
a person walks towards the camera and then pivots on their right foot to go towards the back.
the person lifts his right hand to his head.
a person falls to their knees.
the man is doing a scamper
a person bent forward is walking backwards.
the figure is kneeling with their legs apart and arms spread for balance as they get up and use their right hand as a balance on the floor to do so.
a person quickly walks forward.
a figure holds his head in its right hand, then left hand, staggering slightly as if in pain
a person turns around and does jumping jacks.
person reaches for an object on their right with both hands and gestures a movement of this object to their left.
a person forcefully kicks in front with left leg, walks backward to the right hand side, rushes to the left side punching with right hand, and repeats walking back and then punching.
a person waves to someone in the distance.
man stands straight up and down with arms to his side and kicks out his right leg and bends at the knee in a continuous motion for 3 seconds then lifts his right leg up into the air and creates a clockwise circular motion in the air.
the man stood up from the chair and walked towards the living room.
a man who is throwing something with his left hand
a person steps side to side to the right.
he side steps behind and around an obstacle and steps over it once takes a step or two and steps over it again with a side step.
person runs sideways like a crab from right to left 7 full times taking 2 steps each time coming to a stop the 8th time in the center
the person takes 3 steps and makes himself a drink with sugar.
the person is walking forwards slowly then trips
person walks very slow to front
the person takes 4 steps forward, then shakes its legs.
person walks down then grabs something from their right with both hands and moves it to their left.
a man sits down and then stays still.
a person swaying his/her leg a certain motion and raising their left arm
a person takes a jump rope and starts jumping rope.
someone abruptly steps backward, seemingly surprised or startled by something.
a standing person steps forward putting their hands out in place in motion to catch an object then steps back with their left foot and lifts their hand up to motion throwing the object back
a person walks in an angle forward and then stops.
person is hopping on one foot with their arms out then switches to do the same on their other foot
a person scratches their left shoulder with right hand
the person is looking through the camera at someone.
the man is walking forward
person walks very slowly five steps and then stands still
spinning hands in a circular motion.
a person is standing before being pushed back and to the left slightly.
a person with their arms bent at the elbows and hands pointed in, stretch their legs while bending more on the right leg and straightening the left.
the person sits on the floor, then gets up and walks in a clockwise half circle, and then goes back.
a person reaches out with his left hand.
he does a sit down stand up
person throws arms up then swings arms then points left arm forward.
the person holds something up to their face.
walking backwards then standing still.
a person does a throwing motion with his right arm
person walks forward with right arm slightly extended as compared to left arm.
a man jumps down from a curve.
walking forward while waving.
a person casually walks forward.
the persons calling with his right hand.
the person shakes both of their hands, and then later uses the left hand to reach something and returns it back.
a person is greeting other person by bowing.
the person is right in both of his feet up and down.
a person steps to the left
a person squatting from top to bottom.
person walks up the stairs
person opens something on the middle shelf, takes something from the top puts it on the ground, then takes something from the ground then puts it on middle shelf.
a person walks in a large circle.
a man steps backwards on his right foot
figure walks forward, raises foot to step up and over, uses other foot to drop down, walks forward and stops.
the man washes his left hand.
a person turns and walks back slightly to sit on a chair, waits a moment, then gets up and returns to the starting position.
a man dances and sashays forwards and backwards, then reaches to one side with his right hand, followed by the other side with his left hand.
person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
robot is performing different step of dance and moving left right.
a figure steps backward cockily, swinging their arms
a person going up the stairs.
figure walks in a semi-circle, and sits down on the floor
a person hops up and down on one leg.
a person turns to their right then walks and skips with their right foot, then turns around to return and walks then skips with their left foot.
the person was sliding from right to left.
person is sitting down then getting up.
a man is running while standing in place
the man is pretending to be a fish
this person standing still raises his left hand.
person slides to the right.
a person walks and steps over gap.
a man walks in a forward arc, skewing to the left side of the screen.
the figure is walking forward, slightly off center.
a person remains relatively still in comparison to a bipedal organism and walks at a slow pace, counterclockwise at about a 30 degree angle.
the person took a giant leap forward.
a man raises his arms to shoulder height, praising jesus's sacrifice.
the person was doing some thing with his right hand.
a man stands with his hands to his side and then takes a step back.
a man waves with his left hand.
a man leans forward and picks up a small object with their left hand.
a person lowers his arms, walks forward, turns clockwise, walks forward again, turns around counterclockwise, and starts walking back.
a person takes a deliberately large step, to step over something.
the person is balancing with his left foot.
a figure is driving along.
man walks forwards and turns counter clockwise and walks back
the man touches hes head and moves to the left
after taking two steps backward, the person lowers themselves into a seated position, steadying themselves agasint something behind them at waist height, before standing back up
a person throws something with their left hand, while raising their left leg very slightly.
the man is throwing hard
a man reaches his right arm in front of him before putting it down.
person walks up the stairs
a person walks backwards and then stops.
a figure walks towards the foreground at medium speed.
a person hinges and picks up an object with his left hand and then leaves it on the same place.
a person is standing, then bends forward repeatedly, then takes a step back and to the left.
a person appears to pick up a backpack and put it on, then walks forward counterclockwise.
man lifts left hand and waves for awhile and puts hand back down at his side.
person swings arms from side to side and then shakes them up and down as if acting like a monkey
a person clawing around like a cat.
a man walks forward and turns to the left.
a man lifts his right knee to his left elbow, then his left knee to his right elbow multiple times and then squats.
a person walks forward but slightly to the right.
the figure "picks up" a rag/cloth and makes a motion to dry a larger object
a person who is standing reaches back with his left arm and swings it forward and upwards.
a person walks forward and then appears to bump into something, then continues walking forward.
a person does crazy break dancing.
a person from what it looks like turning a steering wheel to the right
person puts his arms down to his side and moves them in a circle motion then puts his arms back up
someone steps back with their left foot and then sits down while placing his hands on his knees with elbows out.
a person stayed on the place and after throw something
a person walks forward slightly then kicks with their left leg, then walks backwards slightly.
the person is drinking something.
a person goes from standing to on their hands and knees and moves forward.
the person is walking and making a left turn.
a man swings his hips from side to side.
a man full-body sideways jumps to his left.
someone doing exercise, dumbbell over head
a person makes small jumps while standing in place.
a person who seems to warm up their torso by swing both arms in a stable manner to and away from their body
a person grabed with left hand his right hand, and done some jesture with both hands
a man holds his hands in front of him at waist-level
a person raises up his wrist and looks at it (a watch maybe).
a person walks straight backwards.
the person shakes their arms and shoulders
person took two steps forward and one step back and then another step forward.
a person reaches out in front of them with both hands, turning knobs on an object in front of them.
a person leans forward and raises his arms above his head. then walks backwards.
a person quickly runs forward.
a man salsa dancing alone.
someone is doing jumping jacks
the person is sitting completely still.
spinning around and walking in a diagonal line then back.
a person balls their hands together and then lets their hands rest at their side after
a person take a step forward in a straight direction then continues to walk forward and slightly to their left.
a person makes a right handed hit.
a persion doing jumping jacks.
poking motion with one arm
the man throws with his right hand.
a man stand and crossing legs
a person walks and turns to his left.
a person sits down, crossing their legs as the do so, and stands back up.
the person is running normally.
a person swings right arm and then has an accident.
running in a zig zag pattern.
the person backed up and sat down.
a person steps forward and to the side, then stands still.
person took a back walk.
a person laying on their side slowly stands up and assumes an athletic stance with their hands out front
a man jumps twice with his arms relaxed at his sides.
a person with a red right side and blue left side raises arms to a t and then places both on the knees
a man stands still for two seconds.
someone is walking and turn right
a person is stretching their left leg.
a person fold arms, lowers them and then folds them again.
a person is walking forward, bends down, touches something, gets back up, turns around and walks back into the direction he came from
a person walks around and then crouches down with their arms forward
a person turns around, and raises their right hand to their head, then turns around again.
a figure walks down and left to stare at a wall
a man walks forward, picks something up with his right arm, pours it out, and then steps backwards to his original position.
a man holds upper arms to shoulder length and his forearms hang at his sides. his right arm scratches left shoulder. arms dangle at the sides before right arm reaches to touch head.
a person sits down cross legged and then stands back up.
the person is making gestures with their arm.
a man leans forward and brushes something with his right hand.
a person turns left while walking then stops
the person is standing still, they lift their arms to the side, bring them down and then to the front of them
the person blocked being punched in the face.
a person takes a drink with one hand and then smokes with the other hand.
a man steps backward slowly with arms curved at his sides.
the man raises both of his hands above his head while shaking his hips back and forth.
a person jumping on the rope, while doing a spin moves, and felt at the end
a person swings their right arm out in front of them.
the man throws  both hands
a person running to the left side 4 steps then the right side 5 steps to return to original spot.
a man walking making an oval on the floor
a person is standing and moves arms in a way that looks like they are picking something up and taking a drink or a bite
a person walking forward to a point and stops looking for some instructions.
person has hands on their knees and then brings arms up .
a man swings his left arm back repeatedly.
a man backs up, leading with his right foot.
a figure hops up and down once then walks forward
the man list his left arm and appears to be knocking on something. then does it with his right arm, and takes a few steps backwards.
a man stands casually with his arms to his sides than takes 4 slow steps backwards starting with his left and then stops.
the person claps their hands, raises their hand like a high five, then gives a low highfive motion.
a man is running while standing in place
this person walks quickly forward.
a person steps down a few steps and moves to the right with both of their arms extended outwards to balance themselves while walking.
a person lifts their arms from the side to the front.
a person walks forward while looking around before turning about face at the end
the figure is comfortable with being alive in paid, still needing consumption/progress.
a person walks backwards quickly, leading with the right foot.
a person moves their left hand, then their right hand and puts both hands over their head and back down towards their waist.
a man walks in a circle then lays down and then gets back up and starts walking again.
a person is shovelling to his right and then picks up an object from his left and puts it to the place that was shovelled.
a person appears to be throwing something with their left hand.
a person waving with their arms raises,
a person folds their arms
a person sits down, then gets back up and walks slightly forward.
the person seems to be throwing something
figure appears to be supporting a large item
person walks forward and to the right
a person is pushed forward softly.
the person picks up the bottle of shampoo to wash the dog
the person is walking in a straigjt line
a person hesitates in place and then walks forward.
a person while standing still raises his left hand up and down and turns to his left.
a person turns to the side and waves
a person attempts to balance himself on his left leg and variously flails his arms and right leg around to help him maintain his balance.
person is walking on uneven ground
the man taps 5 steps balancing with his arms out.
a person bend forward slightly with both elbows up to shoulder level but having forearm dropping down, and keeps walking steadily till reaching the end of the rectangular area.
a person walks straight forward.
a person walks in a wide winding path, making wide incomplete loops with his arms held low at his sides.
a person standing and waving with his right hand.
a person walks backwards slowly.
this person stands still and fold his arms in front of him.
the person punch someone with the right arm.
a person is standing still, then crosses his arms, then goes back to normal
the person uses the right to grab the left elbow and swing it. the left arm raises up.
a man moves his left arm in front of him.
person doing the chicken dance by holding their hands to their armpit and flapping
someone is striding like on the runway gets to the end does a turn and starts strutting back in the same direction they started.
a person does motions to stretch out his back
the person sits down and places their hands on their lap, then gets up and walks left
the person is doing a left arm upper body stretch.
a person gets pushed to their left.
walking forward and bending down.
a person walking up and down a small step.
the person is folding arms together than puts arms back to side.
a person swinging its left arm, while its right arm is slightly elevated.
a person is looking all over.
a person jumps forward once.
the person is running back-and-forth.
the person is making an arm gesture putting his arms up into the air
a person stretches both arms gently up, then bends their elbows while keeping their arms above their head.
jumping up and down.
a person standing still and then walking a zig-zag
a man leans to his right then leans back to the original position.
a person is quickly walking forward.
this person dances across the floor waves his arms overhead as if to be dancing.
this person shrugs shoulders then walks around to the left and sits.
a man shuffles back and forth.
a man who is throwing something with his right hand
someone used his left hand to illustrate a hand to mouth motion, while in a squatting position.
a person walks in a curve to their left.
a person jumps two times.
a man swing his right arm in a slapping motion.
a man takes a step forward and then back and then forward again.
a man walks doen what appear to be stairs and stops
someone running forward, moving forward
the person had his arms straight out then down on his lap then he put them straight out again.
a person reaches forward and presses something with their right hand before swiping with both hands, and repeating the motion.
a person walks towards his left and stops.
a person jogs in place
a person is walking forward along a set straight line.
a person goes from a standing position to a bended knee while gesturing.
a person makes a standing hop onto his left foot, hops again onto both feet, hops onto right foot, hops onto both feet, makes a short hop with left foot and then settles right foot on floor.
the sim walks to the far end of the plane, wobbling a bit.
a person shuffling feet and striking with arms.
there are lots basketball signals
a person swings their arms back and forward at opposite intervals, while stepping from side to side starting with their right leg
a person walks diagonally right to left five paces in a karate fighting like motion then they take one step backwards.
a man moving like a chicken.
a person moves an object from a surface from their left to their right
a person stands up from laying on their stomach.
a person runs, hesitates, then runs again.
a person rotates to their left, then turns around.
a man jumps backward with his hands at his sides.
moving arms from side to side.
a person sits with his arms on his thighs, then raises his arms and leans to the left to avoid something.
the person is walking downstairs.
a person opens a laptop and types on the keyboard.
a person walks forward, crouches, then walks back
a person walks turning to the right.
someone walks five steps forward, starting with their left foot, and then stops.
a duo-colored stick figure walks around calmly on a square plane.
the si is standing still, then raises their left arm.
a person is sitting down with both hands up, and moves his left hand up
man raises his left arm to the level of his chest, then sweeps his extended arm from left to right.
a individual is standing still then crosses both their let and right arms together before resting their arms at their sides again.
person puts arm from side down, then grabs something
a man paces back and forth.
a person kicks with their left foot and then moves back into a fighting stance.
a person stretches out its right arm then moves it back to its side.
person runs straight ahead then walks back
the person is stretching something.
the person is dancing the waltz.
a person is balancing an object on their head and walks forward, then kneels down, then moves their left arm to the left.
slightly hunched forward as the arms are moving slowly above the head in a ghostly manner.
a persons claps with their hands
a person walks slowly backwards
the person is walking forward holding onto the handrail.
a figure walks in a forward/straight direction
the person hits the tennis ball with the racket
a person walking horizontally then tripping on something, turning around and limping back
a person is standing still.
the person shakes their arms and shoulders
a person moves their hands up above their head, appearing to stretch their back.
a person lightly crouches and walks backwards, turning once then goes to the left making the same movements.
a person walks forward using their left hand to steady themselves on an object.
a man picks up an item with his right hand and lifts it to his left side.
a person bends both arms up and down at the elbow twice.
a man quickly steps forward and kicks an object with his right foot.
a person walks forward and then turns around to squat. then they get back up and walk back the way they came.
a person walks to the right side in a semicircle
a person walks forward, then turns their torso to the left, then walks back and a poses.
a person lifts and object with both hands from his chest to his face
a person drive a car
a person walks over things.
the person is running in circles.
a man walks forwards, then backwards quickly, and then walks forwards again.
a person squatting while extending their arm and balancing and standing up,
a person does an aggressive shuffle back and forth
a man walks forward, picks an object up with right hand, moves the object to the left side and then steps back.
person jumps forward continuously off one foot
a person walks in a circle to the right holding backpack with both hands behind back.
a person walks straight backwards.
a person jumps up and down switching feet while swinging his arms
a person claps their hands together repeatedly.
a person walks forward stumbling around going backwards and then forward again with both arms flailing to his/her side.
a man alternates standing on one foot.
a person connecting something together.
a person walking forward slow pace.
a person is moving around his left and right hand.
a person is pushed forward a step.
the person is walking very wide-legged
a man bends his left leg then kicks it out in the air.
a person walks sideways to the left for a few steps and then walks sideways to the right for a further distance
a person walks forward at a normal pace while alternately using each hand to steady themselves.
a standing person jogs slowly to the left, then to the right, then stops at the center.
with arms out to the sides a person walks forward
a person walking carefully while holding onto rails on each side
a person recovers balance after push to right,
a person is crouched and stands then resumes the crouched position.
a man took two steps forward and then two steps backward.
he stands with his legs bent and arms raised to shoulder level and places his hands on his knees.
a person crosses his arms and scratches his left elbow with his right hand.
the person will for them in stopped.
a person is waving intently with their left hand.
a person jogs, stops, and walks slowly back towards their original spot.
a person with their arms at their side bows their head three times.
a person stumbles around like they are drunk.
the man stands still and moves his right hand
a person jogs lightly in place.
a person performs a typical broadjump.
a person steps forward, brings their left then right arms in front of them, steps back and bows down, touches their left hand by extending left arm to it and walks to the right
the person is running in place.
a person walking down and taking a left turn
person is looking around slowly.
a person swims deep underwater
a man is standing still then brings his right arm up to touchhis face then brings it back down
person walked and then started running.
a person appears to be walking down the stairs then stops
a person lifts and object toward their head with both arms, then raises their left arm above their head.
person is playing a brass instrument
a person leans forward with their hands clasped together.
a person walks forward and puts up left hand for support as if he is stepping over something.
a person walks forward and raises their arms in victory.
the motion starts out by jumping to the side and then starts dancing to the macarina.
person crosses arms and scratches left elbow
the man is walking fast
a person walks in a curve, looks around, then continues walking.
the person is stirring with the left hand.
the person is looking at his wrist.
a person begins sauntering forward before stopping to clasp her hands and stretching them up overhead; she then stretches from side to side in the same position then back to center before dropping her arms.
a person is dancing and starts to take a drink with their right hand.
a person, walks, climbs up 3 steps, and reaches out their hand for something.
a man kicks with his left leg and then kicks with his right leg.
a person stands with their arms in a relaxed position and their knees slightly bent.
someone raise their right hand and wave
this person stands still and reaches up with his left hand.
the person is walking sideways to the left and then as they reach the end they go back
a man is shadowboxing while standing still.
a person runs and/or sprints forward.
a man steps to the right before sitting down and the quickly gets up.
a person walks curved to the left.
a person walks forward slowly, sits on a high object with arms on his hips, and then stands up
a person runs into a walk
a person who has his hands by his sides takes four very deliberate steps forward.
a person walks clockwise in a circle.
a person is walking forward and bending to the right.
a person is rubbing their hands together to warm up.
a man bends down to cross swing his arm then walks back to walk forward while swinging his arms.
someone is walking forward and holding a handrail very carefully, as if they are afraid of falling.
person goes to sit on an object
the man jumps up and twirls his body in a full circle before his feet land.
the person lifts his right hand to his face.
the person is cleaning up some thing
character is standing with hands to their chest, using their right and left legs to shuffle slightly in a dancing fashion.
a person walks in a forward in a zigzag that gets wider towards the end and then stops to the left of where they began
person sitting hands in lap, raises hands to chest, returns them to lap, then raises chest high, brings hands together briefly and returns to lap
stick figure leans back and forth before turning arounf
the person is walking forward.
a person steps forward and starts cooking.
the person is getting ready to throw some thing with his right hand.
a standing person is making small rapid motions with their right hand near their head.
person moves to side and climbs some steps
a standing person with both their arms in front of them pushes back with their left foot and walking slowly with their right foot
a squatting person raises their arms upwards from their sides, then places them back on his legs.
the person is greeting someone.
the sim appears to grab an object and hold it with both hands.
person shuffles in a circle twice
a person leans on something and grabs their leg with their hand
a person performs a low jab using the right hand.
walking forward while swinging arms.
a person waves in large motion with their right hand
someone grabs an object and then appears to clean it
a person dancing around a room
the person struggles to walk straight
a man is walking in place.
the person is walking sideways to his left.
a person walks forward.
person jumps to side four times liftng legs and arms out to the side
a person jogs on the spot
a person who has his knees bent and his hands on his thighs raises his hands chest high and then returns them to his thighs.
a person claps their hands together approximately seven times.
a person shuffles to the right, then shuffles to the left.
a person with arms stretched straight out brings both hands to crotch, then returns to original position
the person is sitting down and i think putting something down.
a person stands relaxed, turns and stands still again.
a person walks forward at a moderate pace.
the sim walks down the plane.
a person crosses their wrists together making an x.
a person staggers around and then walks forward
person walks side to side with hands at their sides.
the figure is standing facing forward, holding and exercising what can be a dumbbell.
a person takes a few steps forward then stops
a person starts to jog slowly then begins slowing even more to a walk then a complete stop
three sidesteps to the right, then three sidesteps to the left and a small step back
a person is dancing with expressive arm movement and then jumps forward
a person starts a fight and shoves their opponent.
person moves their hands and feet up and down while walking in circles.
the man walks in a circle twice, beginning with his right foot and and ending on his left.
a person raises something to the the side of their face using their right hand.
a person is eating something.
a person is walking in reverse whilst looking back
the person was walking diagonally drunk
this person is running forward.
the figure jumps twice while facing forward.
a person raised the right hand and shoed some jesture
a person steps to the side then does a half split.
this person stands in place with both hands at his head.
a person is pulling counter clockwise.
a person walks while moving their hips up and down.
a person is sitting down reaching for his left pocket.
figure uses hands to play imaginary violin beauitfully
a person jumps on the spot.
a person standing brings both arms towards their chest by bending both arms in a curling motion.
a person jumps in place.
a person is walking backwards at a leftward angle and is constantly checking their surroundings to make sure they do not hit something.
kneeling down in place.
a man moves fowards and staggers to the left side  and then moves fowards making a s shape.
a person standing and acting like a chicken.
a person walks forward, spins around, and walks back
someone walks and with his right hand seems to touch something
the person is jogging forward on a treadmill.
a person walks straight forward.
a person windmills both arms in wide circles before their arms drop to their sides, raise and are pulled forward to their chest.
lifting left arm above head
walking back then sitting down.
a person warms up with both arms.
the sim moves across the plane in a athletic fashion appearing to use their left leg in a exercise routine going to the end of the plane, doing the motion again on the way back to the center of the plane.
a person through punches with both their hands.
a person swings their arms in front of their chest and then back by their side 3 times.
the person is lifting their arm and starts stretching it and release
a person raises their right hand to their chest.
a person is standing still, only slightly swaying both arms at the end.
a person is acting like a scary animal by hovering their arms above their head.
a person steps on an object and walks across it carefully.
a person throws something with his left hand.
a person looks down while stepping to their right.
a man stands using his left arm to reach for something beside him several times, while using his right hand to stabilize something in front of him.
a person holds their right leg with their right arm and leans forward, then puts their leg down
a person raising each hand above his head.
the person was walking so he could sneak up on someone.
a person is walking in a figure 8 pattern.
person walks on hands and knees then stands up.
a man holds his head with both hands and kicks with his left leg.
someone jumps off a raised platform and catches their balance as they land.
person put their blue color hand up and moves slightly forward on the blue colored leg. the knee of the blue colored leg bends lightly. red colored leg moves backwards and bends that knee. both hands go above the head and the person leans forward and makes the hands into a circle
a person runs straight forward.
kicking feet around while standing.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides steps to his right while walking in a clockwise circle.
a person raises their left hand and scratches their head
a person grabbed something with left and right hand and put it somewhere
a person uses his left hand to pick up something from knee height to the right of him, turns and shakes his hand around should height to the left and then puts the item back.
person walks up then takes a large step to their left and then goes back onto the same path they were on
a person jogs in a clockwise motion, and upon reaching his original starting point, poceeds to jog in a forward motion.
person pick something up and put it on the
a person with a wide stance repeatedly lash out with each hand at something in front of them.
person holding something in right hand but gets pulled and has to chase
a person picks up an object, tilts it on its side, and then returns it to its starting position
a person sips something, then passes it to someone else.
a person walks to the left, walks to the right, and walks back to the left.
a person walks forward in an "s" shape with a fast pace.
a person takes a big step forward.
the person balances while holding their right leg up with both their arms.
the person looks as if they are strumming a guitar
a person puts their arms down and sits down and puts their hand on their lap.
a person slowly walks around in a circle slightly hunched over.
a person picks up an item then reaches over to wipe an item then returns the first item to its original container.
a person who is standing with his arms extended shoulder height from his sides drops his arms, reaches out with his right hand and slides something from left to right, reaches up with his right hand and slides something from top to bottom and then points his right hand forward.
a person walking down and taking a right turn
a person steps to the left then crouches down and gets back up
person person is kicking in with his foot.
a person side steps to the left and then side steps to the right.
a person paints with their left hand.
the person is wiping something off.
a person does jumping jacks, spreading their arms and legs out and in with each jump
figure runs in place, stops, then touches opposite knee to elbow 6 times
a figure stands slightly crouched then gestures to someone at shoulder level
a person is standing still when all of a sudden they seem to push forward with their right shoulder as if they are leaning into someone or something.
walking forward than picking something up and walking back
moving hands to knees.
the man runs in place
person is putting on a garment
a man stands on the ground , raises his left hand up and then lowers it down.
a person swings their right arm, then motions with their right arm
a man quickly walks forward.
a man is stretching the right leg while bending to the left.
the person is doing a dance twirl
a person seeming to be working with arms placing things up and back and forth.
a oerson wals forward and backward on a diagonal line.
the person bends down and picks up an object from the ground.
a person squats down and shakes their arms up toward the sky
person moves right then raises left arm then raises right arm then rasies both arms forward then raises right arm
person walks forward in a  stagger, then turns around and walks the same way back.
person walks forward in semicircle to their right for seven steps and returns on similar path to original position
the person swatted at someone with his right arm.
while standing on his right leg, a person lifts his left leg and moves it backwards, forward and sideways
a person is doing a dance.
a person lowers their arms, jumps up, and slowly takes five steps backwards.
a person walks forward and side kicks then puts his hand to his face
person pick something up on the left and placed it on the right
the person is boxing with her right arm.
a person is jogging in pace with both hands in front of them mid torso.
he is self balancing while walking through a narrow bridge.
the person is warming up his wrists and ankles.
a person holds their hand to their face.
this person is cleaning a table.
a person lifts their arms up sideways and hops once.
a person moves both their forearms in opposite circles, right hand clockwise, left hand counter clockwise.
the person is warming up his elbows.
a person jumps forward once.
a person waves with his left hand two times then stops, touching his right shoulder with his right hand.
person looks like they are doing lunges and stretching to the right.
man waves with right arm
a person jumps into the air and throws their hands up.
a person walks up and tosses something.
a person reaches up with right hand and grabs head, then leans left and walks forward.
a person who seems to be drinking something
a person slowly walked forward
a figure hops in place
the person is doing a golf putt.
a man brings his fingers together in front of his chest, then sweeps them both in the air in front of him at chest level from his left to his right.
a person puts his hands on his thighs.
a person tip toeing in an l shape figure to the right.
person opens drawer, take something out
a person walks in a curve to their left.
person starts slowly walking in a diagonal line
a person walks towards the right side.
a person performing jumping jacks/ star jumps
a person walks backwards slowly
a person dances like michael jackson by kicking their right leg and moonwalking backwards.
a person bounces in places alternating feet.
a person steps back to the right and brings the arms upward to the sides.
a person reaches their right arm forward.
a person swings their arms and bounces on their feet as if jumping rope.
the person raises both hands and throws a slow punch with their right hand.
a person ducking under something while running.
moving hands in a circular motion.
a person runs quickly on a diagonal from the right side to the left side
a person walks forward with both arms at their side not swinging
a person walks a fourth of a circle counterclockwise, then stops.
a person taking a step backward in a right diagonal direction.
a person walks straight forward.
a person slowly walked forward while balancing in right direction
a person is standing looking around.
a person shoots a bow and arrow.
a person walks forward, twists around, and walks back.
person is waving hands up.
a person jogs forward, apparently down some kind of ramp.
person moves hands around head in scratching motion
a person takes a step forward, pivots on their left foot and turns 180 degrees and walks back to where they started, but facing the opposite direction
a person slowly walked forward and sat  on somethigna and walked backwards
a person walks forward slowly looking like they are holding a handdail.
a person runs backwards, turns halfway then runs forward.
a person slowly walked forward and returned
person is walking like they are on a beam, arms out.
sitting down in place then standing.
a person swings their arms and bounces on their feet as if jumping rope.
a person stands still for a second and then takes a step back with their left foot.
the person is throwing some thing with both hands.
a person walks while making a sweeping turn to the right.
the man does push recovery stand
person assumes fighting stands and bats away something with right hand
a man holds packaged food in his left hand, opens the package with his right, and eats the food
man facing forward legs bent slightly at the knees torso straight left hand lifts up and out stretches forward and back down still in the same stance looking forward be flat.
a person walks forward to the front and then pivots on one foot to turn around, then walks forward towards the back.
a person shrugs both shoulders while swinging both arms. then kicks the left leg back and the rivht leg back.
a person, holding something in their left hand, wipes a table with their right hand and wipes one area a bit harder.
a person crosses its arms while standing, then it unfolds them.
a person lifts up only their right arm above shoulder height, lowers their right arm and lifts up both arms above shoulder height, lowers both arms and then lifts as high as they can before bringing both arms back down to shoulder height.
a person steps forward and then starts to dance.
the person is doing a tough guy walk.
a person walks forward, turns around in a clockwise direction on thier right foot, then walks forward again.
a person hops in place twice.
a person is standing up in one place with both of their arms fanned out to their sides.
he does a walk run
a blind folded person walks around.
the right arm extends aggressively back and forth then the left hand extend out and back, taking fast steps.
the person holds their hands near their head as if drinking something.
a person throws an object with their right hand.
the man is moving his arms
this person does a short sprint forward, holding their arms up to their chest level.
a person walks in a circle
a person uses hands to eat soup.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides twist his body hard to the right and then resumes his original position.
the person raises their left foot up to their kinee and then kicks their foot out,  then returns their foot to their knee.
the person is walking lifting their legs up in a wiggly  line.
a person crawls along the ground on their belly.
a man turns to the right, walks a bit, then turns left, then walks a bit, then turns left again and walks a bit, then turns right and walks a bit.
a man holds his hands up to his head.
a person bows then walks forward.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
figure springs side to side and moves forward.
this person with shoulders raised slowly walks from left to right.
this person is moving as if excited and animated while speaking.
hand shake with left hand.
the person is shivering and then rubbing their hands together to stay warm.
the person is walking forward.
a person jumps forward with both feet.
this person has both hands in front of his face moving them in circles.
walking backwards and then forwards.
a person is pushed forward.
a person waves their arms in the air then lowers them to their side.
a person raises and waves their right hand to get someone's attention.
a person side steps to the right 5 times then side steps to the left 3 times.
a person side steps to the left and lowers themself into a chair before getting up and returning to their original position.
a man turns and kicks at something low on the ground with his left leg
a person moves forward, and then begins dancing with an unseen partner.
a person is standing still.
a figure opens a door
a person bends down and crawls to the right.
a man puts both hands on his hips and jumps up and down.
arms slightly curled go to right to left.
walks forward, lifts object, turns around, trips
a person lowers their arms, jumps up, and slowly takes five steps backwards.
someone walks forward and turns backward
a person is stirring something with his right hand.
the person is drinking a bottle from his right hand.
person jumps forward continuously off one foot
a person holds a very low squat position.
persons tries to sit indian style but cannot
a person walks forward then turns around to walk back.
a person, walking forward, and after doing slow move with right leg, and walk back
a person appears to be looking around.
a person jumps up and down with their legs spread, both arms out to their side.
a person is waving with their left hand, turns around and continues to wave with their left hand.
person picks someting up and then puts it back down
a person is dancing with arms up.
a person brings his arms which were in the air along his body. his knees appear to be bent.
a person moves something with both hands.
walking side to side.
the person is doing horizontal jumps back and forth.
a man paces back and forth.
a man steps forward and does a handstand.
person is walking around looking for some thing. but
a person walks on a treadmill
a person stand on his right leg and then switches to his left leg
a person jumps straight up, then climbs some stairs forward
a person hops up and down a couple times while swinging their arms back and forth
the man is crossing his arms
a person stands bent over making a scrubbing motion with their left hand.
person walking with a limp.
the person is walking knees down line crawling.
a person does arm curls
a person walks forward to ring dorbell.
someone is sauntering down the screen
a person walks in a relaxed way forward and then turns to walk back.
a person raises their left arm and waves five times
a person is throwing a basketball with both hands.
walks in a wide counterclockwise circle.
the person walks forward in a slow zigzag, and then turns and begins to walk back.
the person is sat down and their arms are shaking
a person slowly walked forward
the person is doing the breast stroke.
a person throws two front kicks, two side kicks then 2 punches.
a person holds on to things on both sides while carefully walking.
a person appears to lift weights witht bith hands, crocubing and then raising the weights above their head.
a person balances on their left leg, while using their right leg to kick and move about.
a person is pushed hard from his left side and he moves towards his right.
the person is dribbling a basketball backwards
a person slightly bows their head.
a person jogs on place, swaying arms side to side.
grabs leg, kicks leg out, then twists leg inward and then outward.
a figure seems to be making a snowball around waist height
a person steps over a rope, jumps over the rope a few times, pauses to move the rope behind them, and then jumps rope some more.
a person touches something at chest height with both hands and then takes a couple steps backwards
a person steps forward, brings their right then left arms in front of them, steps back and bows down, touches their right hand by extending right arm to it and walks to the left
a person talking on his phone and walking in circles .
a person is standing with hands by tops of legs, hands are together but not touching.  hands move clockwise motion to above the head. then hands move counterclockwise back down. person then launches into a run in a forward but to the left run.
a man walks back and forth in a room.
a person walks to the right in a u shaped curve then returns.
the person is  is walking around on all fours.
a person paces from left to right and vice versa.
a person waves his hands above his head as if trying to get your attention, then drops his arms, shakes them loose and starts clapping.
a person is walking forward slowly holding onto something
a person dances the waltz with good form.
this person shrugs shoulders then walks around to the right and sits.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise ellipse.
the person walked backwards turn around and then walk backwards the other direction.
a person turns counterclockwise 180 degrees and wide steps forward.
a person is stretching their right leg and getting ready for a run.
a person picks up an item with their right arm and looks at it.
a sitting person gets up off the ground, walks counterclockwise in a circle back to his starting point, sits back down and then lays down on the ground a moment before beginning to rise again.
a man brings both hands up towards his face and shift slightly to the left and back.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person is stepping forward.
the person takes a step forward, ducks under something then takes two steps back before ducking under something else
the man is waving with his right hand
man runs backwards and then stops and stands
the person is standing still then spreads is arms straight out the side of em.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs and kept walk
the person is mixing something.
pwesaon ia moving pr picking something up tall or long.
a person joyfully shimmies and steps to the front right.
a person takes a couple of steps back.
the person throws a long pass with the football
this person is sitting and moving his right arm as if to eat.
a person who has his arms raised head high raises his arms above his head and lowers them three times.
a person walks forward then to the left.
a standing person steps one step to their left.
a person is walking around.
the person is painting a wall.
a person puts both arms in the air and leans over.
a person scratches their head with their left hand.
a figure bends slightly to lift something with both hands then sets the item down to the right
person appears to jog forward slowly.
a person stands still and waves with their right hand.
a person is bowling during cricket
a person is walking forwards
a person standing with legs apart, swats, bending at the knees and holding arms forward.
a person does a short sprint and stops and then starts sprinting again
a man side steps to the right.
a person waves with their left hand.
a person sways their upper body in a circle while they hold their hands as if they have a partner.
man makes a motion as if to make a long put.
a person slowly walks forward while veering to their left.
the person does 2 cartwheels
a person performs four jumping jacks.
a person does a stretching maneuver.
a man stands in place, then spreads his arms out and in, appearing to be a ballerina of some sort
a man begins in a standing position.  he reaches out with his left hand to grasp something nearby at waist height.  he then steps forward a few steps and extends his left hand out.  he ends by returning his left hand to his side.
a person touches the upper left arm with their right arm, then bends down and extends hands out as if to put something down.
a person crossing their legs and walking to the right
place items in a line up
a person is walking taking big steps across the floor then suddenly stops.
a person steps to the right horizontally and then back to the left.
a person is walking forward slowly, bracing themselves with their hands.
a person walks in from top left, stumbles and dodges something, then walks forward to the right, then walks backward to the left and dodges something again.
a person walking side by side very carefully as if trying to steal
a person is catching something and throwing it back.
a person starts off jogging in a semi circle and then slows to a walk.
person is moving his arms like a zombie.
the person slowly goes to their knees and crawl on the ground
walking forward and kicking heels.
a man is sitting in a chair with both his hands around an object that could be a steering wheel.
a person walks forward, with a quickening step and stops tentatively, as they take their last step.
a person who is standing throws five punches in different directions with his left hand and follows that with two punches with his right hand.
a person walks upstairs and then back down
a person walks slowly forward then stops
walking backwards and then sitting.
a man rotates his hips with his arms bent, and then alternates leaning toward each side as he stretches.
person walks forward slowly without swinging arms.
the person is boxing with someone.
a person sits cross-legged on the floor then stands
a man walks backward for a couple steps and bumps into an unseen object.  he staggers forward then transitions into clockwise circle while touching his bsck.
he is self balancing while walking through a narrow bridge.
a person raises both hands to their side then bends them inward.
a person waves their hands around in erratic motions.
a person sits and moves their right arm
the arms are held out while the body step dances around in a circle.
a person stretching their left arm
the sim appears to step forward & throw an object.
a person takes a step forward, throws a kick into the air, and then returns to original position.
the person is wiggling his whole body.
a person is playing an imaginary guitar, while swaying back-and-forth
a person down on their right knee with hands behind their head, stands up and stumbles around with their hands down, and continues stumbling around as they put their hands out to the side.
the man jogs in place.
a person grabs something off the floor, before using that object to wipe something down.
a person stretches by holding their hands out and moving their upper body about.
a person shaking arms back
a man walks in a half crescent, imitates a monkey, and puts his arms to his side.
a person takes three quick steps backward.
a person is sitting down with both hands up, and moves his right hand up
looks like someone is knocking on a door and pacing around while they wait.
a person holds their arms forward, takes a few shuffle steps to the right, in a dancing motion
taking a deep breath and shaking it off
a person walks at a diagonal, downwards and to the right.
person is standing and turns to there left and bends over almost to a crouched position.
a person walks forward curving to the right while using his hands for balance on an unseen rail.
person is doing some 90's dances
person raises their left arm that's bent at the elbow to start with
a person waives their left and right arms up above their head as if flagging someone down.
person sits down with legs bent with knees up and does a couple rowing motion with arms before standing back up
a person stumbles backwards wobbling slightly
the figure steps forward then turns slightly left and proceeds to walk in that direction.
he holds something up to his face and looks around, then lets it down.
person makes a grand gesture with arms moving from standing to sitting position.
walking around in a circle.
a person quickly pours something out in the lower table in front of them with their left hand.
the person is jogging back and forth.
the sim jumps up and down, then balances on their right leg.
a man flips both arms up and down.
a person walks forward, grabs something with their left hand then walks backwards.
a person slowly walked forward and grabbed something with hands
a man walks forward, taps at something at neck level with his left hand, then turns counterclockwise and walks back.
a person placing something from right to left
a person walks quickly forward, moving at a slight angle to the left
a man crouches down while alternating raising his arms.
person hold hand out and with left hand does a circular movement
a person takes two steps back diagonally to sit in a chair, then take three steps forward diagonally standing back in the original position.
a person standing up raises their right arm to sternum height, then performs circular motions parallel with the ground with their right arm.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a man walks forward and turns on his left leg than walks in the opposite direction.
the person is walking around the bend to the right.
person is walking in an s pattern
a person walks over to a chair sits and then gets back up
a man walks forward in a half skip limbering himself before doing a strenuous activity.
a person bends on left knee and then on both knees; stands up on both feet then bends on right knee.
the person is running diagonally forward.
a person uses left hand to put something in its mouth.
a person is dancing with right hand holding someone.
person walks forwards and picks up a couple items
a man walks in a curved line using large strides.
a person stumbles back 2 steps while flailing their right arm, then stumbles forward.
a person swings their right arm around and round, more than once.
a man is standing with his feet shoulder width apart and his hands by his side.  he then bends his knees and jumps forward.  his feet land at the same time.
a person walks slowly towards the right while slowly raising a hand and then walking backwards.
a person walks forward 2 steps, then makes a 180โฐ turn to his left by swinging his right leg around.
a person walks while curving towards the left.
a person puts their hands on their abdomen and jumps then moves a few steps to the side.
a person holds something over his head with both arms and swings it down and forward
person has arms crossing.
person walk sideways crossing his legs.
person bends down to feel something on the ground then stands back up
a person side steps to their right, then side steps to their left, then side steps back to the center.
a person approaching an object, squatting down in front of it with the support of their left hand, and standing back up.
a man walks around in a counterclockwise circle.
a person facing away, rapidly extends both arms outward, then turns to look to the left lifting his left leg, leaning forward and balancing on his right leg. he returns to the original position then turns to look to his right
a person kicks with their left leg.
a person turns their body right and moves their arm forward like a tennis forehand motion then returns to starting position.
a man walks forwards quickly with his arms swaying gently.
a person in a standing position jumps straight up and down once.
this person is standing in place while organizing items.
the person is leaning forward looking around.
a person is making rapid swinging motions with their right leg in the air, while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person throw something with left hand
a person is using objects/furniture to help them walk in a straight line
a person is pacing from left to right as if there is something troubling them.
person moves arms out to side, lifts them above head bent at elbow, and squats down.
a person stands in one spot, waiting and looks around and then looks at their watch once.
a person waves for someone to come over then waves normally.
the person is leaving something in circular motions.
a man takes 1 step forward, then turns to his left, then turns to his right and then turn to his left again.
a person stretches to the sides, reaches overhead, and then starts to dance.
someone is jogging in place
a man bends his arms and jumps in place.
a man while crouched raises his right hand then brings it back to touch his left hand only to raise his right hand again.
a person crouches and leans forward in an anticipatory style.
a man walks from side to side while holding his right forearm with right hand, and then walks back.
subject walks to the center, side steps and walks backwards briefly.
a person is squatted down, sneaking about and at the end rises up.
person backed up and is doing a salute
a man who stumbled and hurt himself and now he is limping
a person walks backward in a small zig zag
a person flips his right arm in frustration.
the person moves his right hand around
a perso bend the knee and leand to the floor and start walked
a person throws something with both hands.
person is flexing their arm muscles
the person moves slowly, leaning their upper body toward the right side, moves his left hand as if brushing something of his leg and kicks the left leg out slightly.
the man plays violin holding it in his left hand.
the person is rasiing a hand.
a person unscrews a bottle cap with left hand then begins to drink from bottle with right hand and then stops drinking.
person balancing on imaginary object with their hands out wide.
a man is standing with his arms horizontal to his sides, then takes two steps, and bends with his right hand as if he is petting a dog.
he walks then runs forward
man reaches down slightly to his left picks something up tilts it to his right and then replaces it
a man fold his arms in front of his chest.
someone grabs hands, leans in, then gets up and stops
a headless stick figure with hands takes 4 steps and stops
a person takes a few steps then puts their hand on their hip
a person walks down the stairs holding support with his right hand.
a person walks forwards and takes a wide step to the right, then a wide step to the left.
person seems to be jumping rope
someone with his arms outstretched turns his hands
a person is drinking from a bottle with their left hand.
a man lifts an object to his face with his left hand.
a person walks and gesticulates in what appears to be a dance move
a person hitting of a high surface
a person bending over doing stretches
the man is sloping down
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle then sits down.
a person walks forward, then turns to the left, then continues to walk forward.
the person puts their hands on their lap and then t-poses.
a person walks forward casually with a swagger to their hips.
a person walks four steps forward.
a person standing and then jumping up
a person running, hops/ jumps over obstacle. continues running.
a person taking 2 steps forward to lean on a table, checks under the table, and finally returns to original spot.
the person walked forward and leaned over the table.
a man walks with a normal gait forward.
a person brings back their right arm a few times and then brings it forward as if throwing something, putting their whole body into it.
a person steps back, jumps forward turns clockwise, steps and jumps again, stops and turns around.
a person bends down to pick something up with their left hand, then leans up and rubs their left hand around, finally bringing up their right hand.
a person runs forward stops abruptly and continues running.
a person crosses their arms.
a person lifts their left arm up and sweeps it over their head, returning it back down at their side.
a person stands up and walks.
a person is standing in one spot while moving the upper part of his body with his hands in a prayer position
person uses left hand to hold and moves an item in a circular motion then grabs something with right hand and moves item in circular motion in front of them again
a man walks doen what appear to be stairs and stops
a figure slides two long steps to its left, then takes three sideways steps to its right, crossing left foot in front of right, and one step without crossing the left foot in front.
a person raising their right hand to their face.
a person waves with their left hand, then bows.
a man lifts an object on the right side with both hands and then places it on the left side with their right hand on top.
the figure takes a few steps forward before pick something up turning around and walking back to where they were and crouching down to pick something up.
a person walks up and over an object
a person waves with both hands.
a person raises his right arm to look at his wrist then lowers it back down
a person runs on the spot.
a man is standing with his feet shoulder width apart and his arms by his side.  he then begins to wave both hands over his head.  the hands meet above his head and then extend out to his side parallel to the ground.  he waves in this manner several times.
a figure standing prone with legs slightly apart before stretchong both arms out to either side of its body
a person raised the hands,and start to warm up them
a person salsa dances around
a person waves lazily with their right hand
a person walks forward and then turns to the left to walk away.
person takes small steps with arms raised above head and pumps occasionally.
a person picks something up then sets it down
person hops forward only on the left foot and the turn clockwise 180 degrees and hops the opposite direction in which they came from
the person is stepping over something
a person who is holding a bottle in his right hand, opens the bottle with his left hand, holds the bottle aloft and drinks from it and lowers his hand.
a person slowly walks forward while veering to their right.
a man walks forward and to the left before stopping.
a person slowly stands up from the ground, pushing itself with both arms to steady balance and lift off the ground.
a person walks slowly while looking side to side.
a person walks slowly down a path while swinging both arms, and at the end of the path, said person makea a 180โฐ turn to start his/her return up the path.
the person is turning on the shower with her left arm.
a person is jumping, but will occasionally give a big jump before returning to small jumps.
a person crouched down appears to be working on something with their hands.
a person lifts his left and right arm into the air.
a person walks in a straight line, in place, on a treadmill
person quickly takes one step forward
a person walks forward then turn left then walks forward again.
a man slowly walks forward a few steps, stopping in a standing position.
the person bends their right arm as if they are trying to check something on their waist.
someone standing and tries to bend his left hand ,cleans his palm as he moves forward and backward
a person leans over a coffee table, balancing himself on the table with his right hand, and he picks up a cup with his left hand.
a figure claps around shoulder height
the person to march forward and turned left.
the person is jogging in place.
a person leans forward while holding their left hand out in front of them
a man stands still for a moment before taking one step forward.
the person was standing still reaching up words with his left arm.
a person walked forwared and jumped
a person sitting down raises its left hand.
this person is raising his right knee then left knee and doing swats.
the person looks at his right wrist.
a person walking and raising his right palm .
a person runs forward, then quickly turns off to the right.
a person walks forward with a macho stride.
a person unzips their pants.
the man waves his hands then spreads his arms.
a person made a full spin move while jumped
subject starts in squat position and remains for two seconds.
a person walks in a semicircle to the right.
a perosn throwed something with left hand
the person walks up a hill
a person goes from being on one knee to two and puts their hands together.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs
walking backwards and then stopping.
a person runs on the spot in a slow tilted style.
a person jogs clockwise in a circle.
a person walks forwards slowly.
a man walks in a curved line with his hands at his sides.
person is walking down.
a person walks sideways to the right.
a person shuffles his feet while bending over and then olaces his arms crossed on the top of his legs.
a person drops his arms to his side.
a person walks forward quickly.
person walks anti counterclockwise and holds right hand above head
man stands up bend body forward, bend body backward and position bend body back in a  straight upward position repeats the same maneuver again.
the man makes a gesture and ties his laces
the person is clapping both hands.
this person waves with his left hand.
a man simultaneously lifts objects with his right and left arms.
the sim walks down the plane in a wobbly fashion.
the person practices their salsa dance routine
a person is opening a bottle and drinking from that
a man brings his arms down to his side, a man brings his hands back up and meets the together at his chest, a man drops his arms back down to his side.
walking forward with arm outstretched.
the person slowly walks forward and then turns around
a person waves both arms and hands as if to signal to someone, "here i am."
a person is sitting down, and then puts both arms above to rest as if on a bench.
a person walks forward and raises his left arm.
a man walks slowly forward.
a man holds his right arm in the air and moves his left arm up and down before putting them both down.
a person jumps up and down while moving his legs in and out and holds his arms up over his head and moves them back in forth to match his legs
a man kicks two times in opposite directions of a perpendicular a angle.
a person is walking in a counterclockwise motion.
a person quickly walks forward.
a person quickly walks across a room in an s shaped pattern.
a person quickly walks forward and to the side, before stopping.
a person claps with hands.
a person does a cartwheel.
person throws an item down  violently with right hand onto floor
a man walks forward slowly and calmly.
the person turns around and sits on the ground and then stands back up.
the person is looking through binoculars.
someone moves forward slowly in a zigzag pattern with their hands up in comical sneaking gesture.
turning body from side to side.
a man standing on a table.
a person stands hips slouched, then turns on an angle, clockwise, then turns again clockwise.
a person takes one step forward, then turns and walks to the left.
the person stood up from a sitting position.
a person walks quickly down a downward slope
person walked upstairs and then downstairs.
someone slowly walking forward a few steps
a man throws a punch in front of him.
a person in a fighting stance kicks their right leg directly forward.
the man is walking casually
a person kicks his left leg forward and back and then kicks hid right leg forward and back.
a figure stands with knees bent, raising and lowering their arms out to the sides
a person steps forward, back, to the side, back, and then forward again while their hands are around their partner.
a person stretches out their right arm.
a person holds onto something while walking up and down stairs.
person raises left arm and bends twice to the right.
slowly swinging the arms forward as the body walks slowly.
a man takes four large steps to the right and then four large steps to the left.
a person walks in a circle counterclockwise.
moving arms around near chest.
a person dances while moving his hands simultaneously as well as his right leg and then changes to his left leg.
a man raises his right hand to his head as in a salute.
a person walks in a rectangular pattern.
a figure scrapes their shoes off on a mat.
a person walks up four steps with their hands by their sides and their lean forward slightly as they go up the stairs and once they've stopped going up the stairs, they straighten up again
a person jumps up once, then jumps higher the second time.
a person seems to be doing aerobics or some sort of dancing in-place.
a person hops into the air one time and then stops.
the person is playing peekaboo.
a person is making rapid swinging motions with their left leg in the air, while holding onto something with their left hand.
individual takes a step forward with their right foot and swings arm simultanitously.
a person who is jumping on the same spot
a person jogs forward, stops and gets into a sideways fighting stance.
it looks like he is lifting a box on a shelf and grabbing another box to put on shelf as well.
a man jogs from side to side.
a man jumps then stumbles and then jumps again.
person holds something still with the left hand and hits it repeatedly with the right hand
a standing person shuffles to the left as though they were pushed
a person seems to be limbering up and getting ready for some exercise-related event.
a man walks forward and then trips towards the right.
a person jogs from side to side, before stopping in the middle.
a person laying on the ground gets up and stands.
a man waves his left hand.
a person scratches their head with their left hand.
a person slowly walking downhill.
this person shuffles backwards then forward and to the side.
a person turns around and walks forward to the other end while leaning a bit from side to side and then turns around again.
a person walks forward, turns around, stumbles, recovers and continues to walk forward, turns and then limps forward.
a person reaches overhead with their left hand and gestures in a throwing motion.
the man leans down and picks up something heavy with both hand over his head.  he then throws the object in front of him using both arms.
a person steps forwards, turns around on their right foot and walk back.
a person squats and gets up. then repeats it.
person is using a touch screen
a person kicks something with their left foot.
a person shuffles to the side, then walks forward and nearly misses tripping.
a person walks forward 7 steps then turns to their right and stops.
stick figure stands up takes a few steps forward before putting somthing down and taking a few steps forward
a person jogs in place and gradually picks up speed
a person steps forward and reaches down to grab or place something with their left hand.
a person takes four steps turning 90 degrees to the right as they do so.
this person kicks high with the left leg.
the person slowly walks forward and then turns around
person is holding own hands.
a person is clapping their hands together
a person makes an obscene gesture using both arms while rotating as if to do it to several people.
with their right hand holding something stationary, person kicks left foot back then forward, followed by right foot forward than back and repeats while left hand swings back and forth.
this person jumps from a standing position and turns to the left.
a person bent down gets back up, then starts to do a wiping motion in front of them.
had something in its hand, goes to put in in its other one.
a person with arms above the head, raises them even further.
a person walks forward and then pulls something behind them.
the person is picking up something.
a person is walking forward, stops, then puts his left hand by his face and keeps it there
a person jumps lifting his hands in the air .
the person looks like heโs laying some thing out on the counter.
a person is running on a treadmill
a man walks to the left with his arm raised, lowers it and then raises it again,
a person walks forward but sways to the left and right as if maintaning their balance.
a person throws something with their left hand, then holds both hands up together in front of chest
stick figure is lying on his back and using his torso to bring himself to a sitting position with his hands on his head, using his torso to lower himself back to a lying down position, all the while his feet are flat on the floor.
person is shrugging his shoulders
while standing up, the persons right arm is down at it's side. the left arm is at chest hight and  is moving in and out like it is gesturing something.
a person walks forward, then squats down deeply with both arms outstretched in front of the body as if picking something up.
a figure limps along a diagonal path
a person jumps and turns to the left.
a person is jogging on a treadmill
a person walks forward at moderate pace.
a person walks into a path leaving a trail behind
a person moves both hands in opposing circles.
a man walks forward with arms stretched out to the sides as if on a tightrope.
a person raises their right arm above their head, while their left arm is slightly elevated.
a person performs a magic trick
the figure does a shot put throw, complete with the wind up spin.
the person was pushed but then stood up straight.
a person walks forward, crouches down to pick something up, turns around and walks back where they came from, then turn around again and walk to set the item on something.
a man is posing, turns around and poses again.
a person sits down and gets up.
a figure appears to be breakdancing
a person standing bows once.
person walks to the right crossing over their feet then side steps back to where they started.
a person walks forward, and then stops.
a person is jumping up and cheering
moving there hands and do like a exericses.
the person bent down and dodge something towards the right.
a person rotates both wrists, wiggles their right foot, wiggles their left foot, bends their knees, then finally sticks their arms out to the side.
a person walking left and right seems he/she is distressed
person is doing abdominal exercise holding medicine ball
a person bends their knees and jumps twice straight up into the air.
a person is struggling to screw the top off of something.
a person puts their hands together and draws them up to their left, then swings them both to the right as if they're golfing.
a person stands after sitting on the floor, walks in a circle, then sits back in their original spot.
a woman jumps vertically performing burpees at the gym.
walking in an uneven terrain.
a person walks around in a quarter circle.
a person raises their arms with their shoulders bent, then bends back at the knees, stands, and repeats the motion.
a person walks a tightrope, swaying slightly from side-to-side as he maintains his balance.
a person is calmly walking
a person walks down a ramp, first to the left, then to the right.
person was walking towards the right.
someone getting into position to start catching and tossing an object.
the person is holding his head because he feels dizzy.
a person sits with arms resting on his thighs, holding his hands
the man looks at his watch.
a person is jogging and then lowers his arms.
a person standing lifts their shoulders slightly and shimmies from side to side.
a person running forward and going towards left.
person claps once before walking slightly to their left then sitting down and stretches their back by placing their hands behind their head.
a person does the chicken dance.
a person doing 2 steps
the person picks up a very big bowl
a person walks diagonal in a forward motion then turns on right foot to face backward then stops.
person is holding onto something and moving around erratically with it looking like their trying to dodge something/someone with it
a person standing up looks around panically by snapping their neck in different directions.
a person, standing in the middle of the screen, raises their arms and waves twice before lowering their arms again.
a person stands with arms swinging slightly side-to-side then walks forward a few paces, stops, and stands again with arms swinging slightly side-to-side.
someone brushing something off of their arm
the person is walking leaning to the side.
the person is running forward.
a person walks and stops, then bends foreward while touching right knee with right hand and reaching to touch something with left hand, then cautiously steps backward and stands.
dusting something off the left side of the body
a person casually walks backwards.
a person repeatedly bends their right arm at the elbow and brings their right hand to the left side of their face.
the person is talking from a punch.
a man throws a series of punches, two high, one low, then two high.
the person is walking forward from being pushed.
a person walks forward and then stops.
staying still with arms near chest.
a person standing seems to be moving their arm in a circular motions forward and backwards.
the toon walks in a loop motion crouching slightly before almost completely finishing the loop.
man right foot stump one then stay in standing position.
person opens drawer and takes something out
the person is bending their right leg behind them and kicking it around
a man is bringing his hands up towards his body and then pushing them away from his body
a person placing something in their hand and then throwing it while twisting their body.
a man pulls an object from the right side towards the left side.
a man bends down and picks something up witn his left hand.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle while holding something over their left shoulder.
a person slowly lifts something up to the right of them with both hands, brings it back behind them and throws it forward with force.
a person standing still shuffles to the left.
a person slowly walked forward and return
move forward with left leg and then throw forward with both arms after moving back and putting left leg forward again and then throwing afterwards moving back.
a person kicks sideways with their right leg
a person stands on the ground and taps their foot four times.
a person picks an item up and moves it a foot to their right and places it down.
a person starts in the stand up position with his arms out to straight on his sides and is then seated and does "the wave' motion with his right hand
the person is cleaning windows.
a person stumbles to the right.
the person stand and touch the head.
a person is lifting a dumbbell with their left arm.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person leans right diagonal, with right leg out and right arm out
a person walks forward, squats then gets pushed back, then he does the same again
a person slowly walked forward
a person takes two small hops, then bends their knees and stands up straight.
a person walks slowly around objects on the ground.
person takes a one step kick with their left foot
a man raises his  hands to his chest, claps them together, then lowers them back to his sides.
this person wiggles his upper body while raising his arms above his head.
the sim walks in a loop fashion before turning around & walking in a straight line.
person quickly runs forward into their right.
a person washes a window or a wall in front of them with their right hand
he puts his hands together, winds up with left arm behind him and throws his arm forward as if he is throeung a ball.
person picks up something on their right side and moves it to their left side
a person walks quickly forward, stops and picks up something heavy, places it up higher on something, turns around and walks back.
a person does a ballerina dance.
a person walks up to something and wipes it down.
walking forward and to the side.
takes a step forward while left hand goes above the right hand in a circle motion and vice versa , then the left hand goes towards the head, and back down.
the man walks forward, then picks up some greeting cards and starts passing them out.
a person steps to his right.
a person is doing the salsa
a man walks toward the front of the room
a person hops on his right foot, turns and steps on his right foot, turns and steps left foot, the a long step right foot.
a person slowly hops up and down on both legs at the same time.
a man leans to his right, straightens and walks forward.
the person is walk in the street backwards.
a person walking in a strait path at a slow pace with only four steps with it's arms on it's side.
a man takes steps from right to left
a man catching and then throws an object with his left hand twice.
a person is stretching their left leg by swinging it up in front of them.
a person does jumping jacks.
man casually walks forward with minimal arm motions
a man walks forward and then stops.
a person turns to his left and looks around.
a person standing in place taking a drink
a person walks forward and dances.
a person jumps and spins backwards.
a person throwing something with their right arm.
a person is running in place.
the body is slightly bent forth with arms out curled, with the body slowly jerking side to side.
a person walks in a clockwise direction.
a man walks forward slowly.
person moves something with both hands diagnoly
this person is doing a dance.
a person raising thier right arm in front of them
a person walks in a counter clockwise motion.
man stands straigh tup holding an object in his left hand and right hand down to his side. man lifts arm slowly with his hand up to his face as if he is drinking something; drops his hand down to his side.
a person jogs left, right then back to where they started.
a person waves with their right hand.
a person walks very slowly.
a person crawls downward on all fours then stands up, then while facing to the right sidesteps upwards and touches left knee with left hand.
the person turned to right and then bent sideways couple of times and bent down forwards at the end.
a person is standing, claps both hands together, walks a short distance, takes a seat, before appearing to brush their left leg.
a man is standing in one spot jumping up and down.
a person in a very delightful mood
a person puts their hands over their face.
the person squats then takes a jog
a person walks slightly forward then turns left and continues to walk.
a person is standing in a fighting stance with most of their weight on their right foot, with their elbows bent and swings their left arm up and over in a counterclockwise motion while twisting their torso to the right, and then turns back to the center
a person sprints suddenly to the left
walking forward making a 90 degree turn to the left at a gradual angle
a person turns to his right and steps on and over a high object, then a lower object, turns and steps on and over the lower object again.
figure appears to catch and throw a ball twice then misses the ball and goes to get it.
a person raises their right arm up to their face.
a figure lowers to their knees and sexy crawls.
a person has a phone in their left hand and dials a number with their right.
a person lifts something up with both hands, extends both hands forward, then makes a half circle with their left hand and crosses their arms.
a person reaches down and picks something up on their right side with both hands and sets it down on their left side.
a person standing recoils from a blow to the face and places their hand to their face in reaction. they check their hand for any bleeding
person is waving with left hand
person moves forward with both arms extended to side of body waist height  then lifts left leg up and balance on right leg whilst keeping arms in air for balance
a person warming up by swinging back and arms around.
a person raised the hands and made some jesture
a person runs and throws with right hand.
the person is stepping back swinging arms.
a person side steps to the right and then to the left.
the person is picking something up tilting it on its side.
a person jogs on the spot at a moderate pace.
a person repeatedly bends their left arm at the elbow and brings their left hand to the right side of their face.
the person is doing a cart wheel.
the person is throwing something.
a person uses his left arm to do a passing something back motion
a person catches an object with both hands.
a person hops 6 times in same spot, forward, right, and left.
a person stretches right hand forward
a man wiggles his right foot, then his left foot and moves his hands around each other in a circular motion.
a person walks forward.
the person stands still and moves a few things around with their right hand.
a person with his/her arms on his/her side while jumping with his/her legs a few times.
the man walks forward a few steps then turns around and walks back to his original position.  he then turns around walks one step and stops.
a person bends their knees into a slight squat before jumping forward.
a person is walking forward.
a person running forward quickly.
this person is running forward.
a person lowering their arms from both being raised apart, then grabbing something on chest level height and placing it above then placing another item below.
a person sits eating sandwich with both hands.
a person grabbed something with both hands
a person sets something down behind them with two hands and then sets another thing behind them with one hand.
the person is walking forward with their hands on something
hands are on the knees, hands go to the chest in a scratching motion, and then hands go back down to the knees.
a man postures his arms like holding a dance partner and dances the waltz from the left hand side to the right hand side.
the person is doing upper body stretches.
a man walks forward while swaying his feet in a zig-zag path.
person is hopping on one foot with their arms out then switches to do the same on their other foot
a person starts with arms crossed then drops them to their sides.
a seated person raises their arms out to the sides
a person drinks with their right hand
the person is filing their fingernails.
the person is kicking to side.
a colorful animated drawing moving around as if it is dancing.
a person picking something from his right side and transferring to his left side
using their left hand, the person holds the neck of an air guitar, and with their right hand, they make strumming motions.
a person crawls backwards on the floor from side to side.
the person is walking in the counter clockwise circles.
the figure stays put but moves arms upward.
a man shakes his upper body with his hands close to his chest and extends them by his hips as he looks forward.
a person walks forward and raises his right arm.
person walks forward down two steps.
the person goes from a standing position, to a seated position with the end of the legs facing right.
a person does a high kick with their left leg.
the person takes short steps while practicing dancing
a person sits down and begins eating really fast.
a person is walking around with one raised
individual appears to be in a coversational movement using arms in a descriptive manner.
a person who is prone pushes himself up off the ground using his arms and propping himself with his knees before standing awkwardly in a ready to wrestle position.
the person walk backward on the floor.
a man raises his right hand to waist level then rotates the hand and arm clockwise.
a man holds his hands in front of him at waist-level
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle then sits down.
a figures hands are near its face, preparing to pitch, then the figure slowly performs the motion of pitching
person was pushed from behind but cab standing.
a person walks backwards diagonally to the right, then walks forward diagonly snapp the fingers on their left hand. the person the shakes their shoulders and returns to the original position..
a person walks forward up stairs
a person runs forward and stops short.
a person bends their left arm at the elbow and raises their right arm towards it, then lowers both arms
a person hops a couple of times, steps backwards and hops again.
the person was laying down on their back.
a person plays the guitar, strumming with their left hand.
the person walks straight forward slowly while swaying their hips.
a person steps forward with their right foot, brings the left foot to join the right, the uses both hands with elbows bent to motion to the left and then to the right two times.
a person shuffles to his right.
a person kicking with their right foot multiple times then kicking with their left foot a couple times.
the body paces back and forth, then lifts the left arm in the air, and continues to pace back and forth.
a person walks forward, while supporting themselves with their right arm.
a person walks in anticlockwise direction dragging his left feet.
a man is holding hands to mouth as if to shout from side to side.
a person throws something.
a man stands using his right arm to reach for something beside him several times, while using his left hand to stabilize something in front of him.
the person is pouring some thing.
the person runs around and plays with the puppy
a person picks up something, and then rubs what they picked up on something.
a person dances sporadically around the space.
a person marches in place, stands, and then runs in place
a person punches right and puts their arms down.
a person walks forward and then starts dancing.
a person stretching arm outs.
the person is walking down the slope.
a person holds onto something while walking up and down stairs.
a person is strolling around
a person throws something with his left hand, then does a stop motion with his right hand.
dancing while walking forward.
a person is on the ground on their knees, gets up into a standing position, and then sits back down on their knees.
raising arm towards head.
a person running straight down
a person lowers their hands, while knees are shaken side to side. the person then squats, stands ups, and then shakes left foot in the air, then shakes the right foot in the air.
the person was running and turned left.
he stays still then stops
band on the floor and get down the head.
a person is sneaking around
picks up box and throws it out like trash
a person kicks something with their left leg.
a man catches something runs to the left and pulls something.
the person walked up to someone and greeted them.
a person walks forward at a slow pace.
person is shifting his weight from his right foot to his left foot to his right foot.
a person dances sporadically around the space.
a person stands with their arms out to their sides, drops them down and then holds them out in front of them, palms facing but not together and then drops them to their sides.
person moves arms in circles while walking forward, then turns around and walks back moving arms in circles.
character is standing with hands to their chest, using their left and right legs to shuffle slightly in a dancing fashion.
person does squats while holding something with both hands.
a person casually takes one step back.
person is doing an upper body warm up.
a person moves his hands.
the man is walking backwards
a person kicks their left leg then punches with left and right hands repeatedly.
a person sits cross legged then stands up
a person (likely female) is bowing using their arms
person sat down there and stood up and sat backwards in the chair
the man walks forward slowly.
a person crawling from right to left and vice versa
a man takes small steps backwards and forwards, sits cross-legged on the ground, then returns to a standing position.
a man walks foreward while swinging his elbows to the back and front.
person stands still, then lifts left arm to wave hand back and forth at the screen like a greeting.
person walks forward in casual way
a person doing a strange step back and swinging their left arm and then trying to catch something
a person is stretching its shoulders
a person swings arms back and forward to help jumping high several times.
an exuberant man does a russian dance.
a person raising both right and left hands, interlocking them to stretch.
a person stands leaning on their left leg and begins to turn backwards towards their right.
person faces forward walks forward swings  right left in a circular motion turning back and walking to starting position
walking in a diagonal line.
a person swings their arms in a wide circle.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person holds both hands in front of their face.
the person is sparring with someone.
a person appears to be walking a tightrope starting by placing their right foot ahead of their left with arms outstretched at the sides to maintain balance.
a man walks forward turns around then picks up something and continues in the opposite direction.
a person walks down the stairs holding support with his left hand.
subject is standing facing ford subject then moves right arm slowly above right shoulder then puts it back down again
a person walking in an odd manner as if he/she was drunk
a person bends and flaps his arms like a bird.
a man brings both hands up towards his face and shift slightly to the right and back.
a man lifts its right arm up and down.
a person attempts to pick something up with their left hand and places it higher before walking around curving to the right.
a person flails their arms aroud like a monkey, and does a karate kick
a person walks in a straight line.
the person is standing still then spreads is arms straight out the side of em.
swaying back-and-forth with their arms out.
the body stood still and slowly walks toward the left in a curve.
a man sways side by side and back and forth in a defensive stance.
person walks five steps backwards
a person raised the hands and after hold something
the person took one quickstep to the right.
the person is side stepping.
a person shifts their weight from side to side, first settling back on their right foot, then their left.
a person walking in a strange pattern around the room
a standing person raises their left arm and waves.
the person marches straight forward
a person paws with their hands in front of them while standing.
a person stands on their left foot whilst kicking their right foot forward and to the side
a person strats jumping and sit on knee
a person lifts his right hand up to his face and then puts it back down again
the figure raises both arm up horizontally elbows locked then raises the shoulder length and then puts them back down
a person walks forward carefully placing one foot directly in front of the other foot.
he walks forward and upstairs
man walks in a clockwise direction in a circle.
a standing person moving both their right then left arms in a cricle motion.then placing both their hand on their hips going in a cricle motion,then lifting their left foot off the ground
a person takes four steps forward, walking at a somewhat quick pace.
a person walks a loop clockwise with his arms out in front of him.
the subject is trowing a kick with the left foot.
a person throws something with his right hand.
figure seen walking in place lazily.
a figure winds up then throws as hard as they can
a person is standing, begins to walk with difficulty stops
a figure lunges backwards in a flexed pose.
a person walks forward, bends at the knees, lifts something with both hands and places it down, then turns 180 degrees and walks away.
sitting down then kneeling.
a person does a cartwheel
a person swings their left arm, then motions with their left arm
a person jogs sideways back and forth before coming to a stop
a person shrugs shoulders while leaving both arms flaccid and then shrugs shoulders while bending elbows and making hand gesture.
a man raises his arms to shoulder height, praising jesus's sacrifice.
a man steps forward and then raises his arms in up.
a figure jogs in place
the person is standing up and then suddenly loose balance to their right side. they catch themselves and look to their top left in "confusion"
a person walks to the right and sat down with his fingers slightly up.
a person reaches up t the right with left hand, and then up to the left with right hand.
person is hopping from one spot to another.
a person fastly moved in right direction while the hads was raised
a person walking forward and stumbling for a moment before regaining their composure
person took two steps forward and one step back and then another step forward.
a figure winds up then throws as hard as they can
person bends at waist then walks forwards while making hand gestures
the person starts looking around for help
a person eats while standing.
a person walks in a circle
a person holds something with right arm, then throws it
the man is making gestures with his right hand
the person takes short steps while practicing dancing
a blue and red person lifts arms up to waist level and twist to the  red side, left side at waist level
person jumps in the air once
a person slowly walked backards and returned
a person is learning to the side
the man is walking steadily not fast but not slow ,swinging his arms down word left to right left to right one foot in front of the other now one foot in front of the other.
the person  is taking steps clean over some thing.
a person takes in big steps in a hurry walking into the rectangular area while hands are dangling and swinging.
a person crouches on all fours, lifts their rear, then stands up and pivots to their right.
a person is sitting, and moving both hands together near their head.
a person sticks their arms straight out while their knees bent. their hands drop to the sides and then their arms stick out straight again.
a person is performing a motion where they extend their left arm across the body to the right side twice above the head, twice extended over chest and once extended over torso.
a man is dancing in place while spinning around.
a man leans forward and picks up a small object with their right hand.
a person slowly gets on their knees.
a person moves around with footwork during a boxing match.
a person dances by throwing their hands in the air.
per son walking in a fashionable way using a rail as a guide
a person raises his left hand to his head, then returns it to his side.
the man stands in front of his car and starts washing it in circular motions.
a person jumps up and then lands
person steps forward large step then does a full turn counterclockwise
a person is standing and jumps backward.
person raises right arm above their head
the figure lifts both arms above its head in a stretching motion
person person put his left arm up like he was looking out a watch.
a person roates their arm in circular motions, in varying sizes
a person brings both of their hands to their chin and holds them there before lowering both hands to their side.
a person walks in a rectangular pattern.
a person breakdances by skipping backwards, then drops one one hand to the ground, pivots to his other hand and into a headstand, drops his feet back to the ground, then flips over, raises one hand up, then bounces off his other hand and onto his feet.
a person crouches slightly to pick up an object, horizontally, flips the object vertically, before placing it back in a horizontal manner.
a person picks something up or places something down.
a person takes giant steps to the left side and then back to the right.
i man runs forward and does a summersalt and lands perfectly.
he drink very very slowly
a person raising a picture from the ground, placing it on a wall and adjusting the fit.
a person swats downward at something with their right arm, then step-kicks at something twice with their right leg while making a clockwise turn.
a person rotates shoulders and stands from sitting position.
a person stands from a kneeling position.
a person throws things to the right; first something underhand, then something overhand, and then something very far.
person walks with arms out on the sides and wobbles
person is leaning down then getting up and walking.
a person scratches head with right hand.
a person walks forward and gets pushed, he stumbles to the right and then returns to his original path
a person rotates their shoulders forward in a circular motion while they bring their hands up to their sides.
a man squatting down picking up an object with his right hand.
the girl skips slowly down the hall towards the kitchen.
the person is walking normally on a treadmill.
a person lobs tennis balls with their left arm.
a person walks forwards, spins on their right foot and walks back to where came from
a person does jumping jacks in place.
a person walks forward and trips.
the person was feeling something in front of him
a person raises their left foot and stomps it on the ground
a person runs to the left then runs to the right then back to the middle.
this person is moving as if his is playing a guitar.
a person standing on one foot holds their right hand up while moving their left foot in a side to side motion.
a person walks forward, hops backwards, then defends themselves by putting their hands up in defense
someone stirring  something
a person jumps up and turns to the left, landing facing towards the right of the screen.
a man picks something up with his leftt hand and puts it down on his left s
he jumps very high in the sky
a man is jogging forwards in a straight line.
a man raises their arms above their head then brings it back down.
a person walks downward in a straight line and avoids an object by stepping over it.
a person side steps to the right and then the left.
the person is doing a hand gesture with his right arm.
a person kicks with their right foot.
a person is pretending they are a cat.
the person is walking in circles
a person sits on the ledge of something then gets off and walks away.
a man holds a ball with both hands then twisting the body to the left while holding the ball in his left hand putting his body weight on his right foot rotating his arm above head level following through with his arm rotation and releasing it about waist level.
a man uses his right arm to unzip his pants
a person throws something with their left hand
a person holds an instrument that looks like a violin in their right hand and then plays it with their left.
a person is drinking from a glass in their right hand
a man lowers his arms to his side, then shuffles around in an erratic pattern, reaching for things at ankle-level with his left hand once and his right hand twice.
a person tilts over then stand up shifting both hands to the left.
a person walks around in an "s" line.
a person uses their hands to clap
a person takes a few steps and forcefully pushes something into the air with their right hand.
a person is on his hands and knees, then gets to his feet, right foot first.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes six steps forward, than angles to his right as he continues walking.
a person sits down to avoid pressure on their knees.
someone turns to the right, bends to touch his right hand to the ground, and brings his hands close together with elbows bent
a person kicks their right foot in front of them in a dangling motion and then puts it back on the ground.
a person limps dragging their right leg.
the person t-poses twice while standing still.
a person bangs something to a table with both hands.
a person jogs in place.
person slowly walks forward before coming to a stop
a person throws a ball with their right hand.
a person sways, puts both arms up, does half of a 180 turn, and walks a few steps forward.
a person is walking back and fourth.
the person walks diagonally towards right side.
a person is wiping something with their right arm at their shoulder level.
person walks forward, turns and walks back
person holding the head with right hand while standing
a person walks backwards and then forwards.
a person jogs side to side.
a person claps with both hands.
a person starts off in a t pose position but then they start to warm up their arms by doing arm circles
a person doing a whale impression
a person is jogging and then lowers his arms.
a person walks forward swinging their arms.
this person waves his hands all around and steps backwards.
person pulled some thing and then kick something.
someone raises their right arm in defense mode
a man walks around in a complete circle.
a person is walking upstairs.
a person moves around with footwork during a boxing match.
while standing, a person makes a series of small gestures near their face using both hands.
a person has his right hand in the air.
a person organizes items on a shelf with their left hand.
a man holds his arms in front of him and slowly walks forward, turns and then walks back the opposite direction.
a person slowly walked forward
a person loosening up by moving their arms , shoulders and legs slightly.
a person swats downward at something with their left arm, then step-kicks at something twice with their left leg while making a counterclockwise turn.
a person in a fighting stance kicks their left leg directly forward.
person shifts weight backwards, then forwards, before bringing hands together and rotating the left arm back in a throw.
a person walks around in a complete circle to the right while holding his left side, then u-turns back towards the way he came.
a person slowly walked forward and in right direction
a person walks unsteadily forward as each hand leans on parallel railings to maintain balance.
moving hands to knees.
a man imitates unzipping motion with his right hand
a person makes multiple small jumps.
a person balances on one foot while moving their other, and then switches.
someone walks in circles, with the left hand up
a person walks up some stairs, reaching out for the handrail to pull themselves up the stairs.
a man walks in a right angled curve, then walks in a left angle curve.
a person runs forward fast.
a person looks at the bottom of his left shoe
in this one a person is stand
leaning side to side with hands near chest.
a person walks forward, spins right, and walks back.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides moves four steps backwards starting with his left foot and comes to a stop.
a person shifts to the left claps their hands and imitates throws cards out to the side.
from a standing position with their right arms raised, the person flexes their arm first up and then down, repearing the action after twisting backwards at the waist
person picked up his phone made a call and then put it back down.
the person is pointing towards someone.
a person kicking right leg and then kicking left out in front of them.
a person walks forward diagonally and then turns to the right.
a person dances extremely erratically
person stands there and looks around.
left to right bob, arm contraction and pec contraction also a shuffle
a person, standing in the middle of the screen, raises their arms and waves twice before lowering their arms again.
a person walking forwards gingerly steps over an object in their path.
someone jumps straight up once.
he raises his hands and feet alternately and then prances around.
a figure runs in place
the person jogs in a straight line moving arms opposite of leg movements.
a man lying on his back with his knees bent and both hands bend with his hands close to his ears, then begins to preform sit ups by raising himself off his back and up to his knees.
a person steps to his left.
a person walking around in a s shape.
a person puts his right hand forward.
a person walks forward and stumbles to their right a bit, then the person turns around and walks forward and stumbles to the left a bit.
a person is moving around his arms.
the sim appears to be adjusting a watch that is placed on their left wrist.
a person that picks up a item lifts it to the left and places it back down in the same position
the person is jogging forward turning right.
a person was touching their knees and then  lifted their arms up
a person walks forward at moderate pace.
a person walks slowly in an s pattern with both arms outstretched in front of them.
waving hands near head.
a figure sits, then rapidly stands again and paces anxiously before sitting again
person is using a device in his right hand
a figure skater jumps and then continues skating.
the man clasps his hands in the air and bows then puts his hands to his mouth and yells for someone.
a person squats to lift something up then struggles to carry and put it down.
a person is sitting and waving around his arms.
a person walks to his right in a quarter circle.
person makes motion of stuffing something into an object, then makes motion of picking up and putting on a lid as they walk across the room.
a person slowly jumped and bend on knee
a person walks forward several steps.
a person standing and dancing
a person while standing in the same position swings his arms back and forth.
a person looks at their watch on their left wrist.
a person sits down on the ground briefly cross legged and then begins to stand up.
a person crouches and leans forward in an anticipatory style.
a person jogs in place with their arms swinging.
robot is jumping vertically and uplifting his arms while jumping.
stick figure is holding its arms up before folding them down to his side
someone stands in one spot and claps
a person is strutting forward
a person waves their hands and shakes their hips.
a person marches forward aggressively than turns around and does the same.
a man stands with arms outstretched at the shoulders, claps one time in front of his body, take several steps forward and then seems to sit down and scratch his right arm with his left hand.
standing on one leg and swinging it.
a person reaches down with his left hand to pick up a towel, and then uses the towel to dry something off.
a person squats down and then stands back up.
technique of a basketball move. taking a few steps forward, taking bend for the knees , does a fake out by taking a step back, shoots with his hands extending forwards, drops his hands and takes a few steps back.
a person slowly makes a circle with their left arm about the shoulder while walking.
a person waves with both hands.
a person gracefully dances forward, moving their arms and swinging their legs, then turns in a half circle.
a person walks over to a ledge, looks below to see if anything is there, steps back then jumps over the edge and unsteadily lands.
a person lowers their arms, gets onto all fours, and crawls
a person walks and then sits on a ledge
a person crawls on all fours, then turns around counter counterclockwise and crawls back again, then they stand up and face left.
a person with arms out to the side hops on one foot with left leg, then hops on one foot with right leg.
a man walks from side to side while holding his left forearm with left hand, and then walks back.
a person continuously grabs something from their right side with their left hand and then discards it to the side.
a man stumbles to his left. the motion seems surprised so he was probably pushed.
a figure is boxing upercuts with is right blue arm and his left red arm stays at a 90 degree angle.
a person walks back and forth from right to left, stops, and stands in one place.
a person attempts to swat away a fly multiple times.
person has arms raised and brings then to hip level
a man takes a big jump forward.
a person power walks straight forward.
a squatting person puts something up to their head.
person alternating between backwards and forwards movements
he walked in a counter clockwise circle while stretching.
person moving his torso in circular motion from right to left
a man walks in a curved line with his hands at his sides.
a person waves with their right hand
a person, standing still with their arms at their sides, seems to wince/twitch, then continues standing.
as standing person leans to their right side pusing their left arm up in front of them
the man starts in a pose with both arms extend out to both sides.  he then moves both arms down to his side to a relaxed position.
a person gets on hands and knees and crawls forwards.
the person turns the upper body to the left and makes an upward  punching motion with the right hand.
a person scratches their head with their right hand.
a person is standing and steps backwards.
the person takes a short jog then stretches their arms
a person is stepping to the left at a backward angle.
the person takes a big step with their right foot foward
the person is arguing with someone.
a man leans to his left then leans back to the original position.
a man picks another man up and slams him to the ground.
a person subtly looks left, brings their hands together in front of their chest, looks right, then raises both arms up to their sides like wings.
a person picks something up with their left hand and moves to another spot, where they put it down.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes two steps forward and to his left, braces his right hand as he bends over and looks down, rises up and then takes two steps back.
a person is washing a window
a person stands still then moves their arms up slightly
a man jumps backward with his hands at his sides.
the person does an underhand throw
a person walks forward while holding a handrail in their left hand.
the subject to standing facing forward then moves right arm to head than moves hand back down
the person walks forward and forcefully throws an object with their right hand
a person throwing a right hook.
a person holds both hands in front of them, punching forward with the right hand, then punching to the right hand side before stopping.
walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person walks forward gingerly, then walks to the back of the space and turns around
person puts hands to their side, and makes a quick forward quick with right leg.
a man walks forward with his hands down at his sides.
a person picks something up with their right hand and moves to another spot, where they put it down.
a person raisedthe hands and put it down
a person picks something up on the right side then moves it to the left side.
a man raise right hand holds for a couple seconds lowers then repeats same action with the left
a man stands with his elbows bent and makes up and down emotions with his right arm.
a person walks in place slowly.
a person standing up uses their right hand to twist open an object that is in their right hand, then consumes it in their mouth.
a man is doing jumping jacks by hopping while moving his arms up and down in rythm with the hops
moving forward and turn back.
a person limps in a jagged line to the right, and then the left, while holding their left knee.
a person does jumping jacks.
person is playing the violin
a person walks slowly forward.
a person is walking down a path moving slight going towards the right side.
a person grabs his forearm muscle then lets it go.
a man picks up object from the ground using his left hand then with right hand and then keeping his right hand near his stomach exercises with the left hand and then keeps back the object on the ground from right hand and then with left hand
a person stretches his bent elbows behind his back and then straightens both arms and stretches them behind him, then raises his right arm over his head in a practice throwing motion.
a person stepping diagonally to their left
the person was taking a right drive and then to the left.
a person jogs a few steps to his right, jogs a few steps to his left, and then jogs a few steps to his right again.
a person is moving their hips in a circular motion with their arms strechted outward to the sides
a person standing then shifting their weight from the right leg to the left leg and shifting their weight back to the right leg.
a person jogging left and then right
person stumbles forward as if being pushed from behind.
a figure walks towards a wall and stares, confined.
a person urgently motions for somebody to go away with their left hand.
a person hits a back-hand tennis shot.
person is i think knocking on a door.
a person steps backward to their left before sitting down, and then stands back up.
person raises left arm forward and then moves left arm from shoulder to front side on
person takes four steps diagionally
a man walks quickly forward a few steps, then stops in a standing position.
a person pivots to the right twice with his left foot planted.
a person is sitting, and rotating an object in front of them with both arms.
a person walks normally on a treadmill.
a person grabbed something with both hands, and hit something
a person waves his right arm around.
a person holds something up to their face with one hand, and then with both hands.
the figure raises its left arm then swats downward and foward.
a person is bouncing up and down lightly.
a person lifts his right hand and waves his hand to say hello then puts right hand back down
a man walks forward and then comes to a stop.
a person flattens their dress and starts to curtsey.
a seated person is holding food in both hands and eating.
someone raises their arms, spreads their legs and clasps their hands
person is doing 360 jumps
a person touches their head with their right hand.
a person circles his arms while raising his shoulders up and down.
the person is walking forward and turning left.
a person is standing with there arms lifted and slightly bent, as if holding handlebars.
a person raises both hands to their face then drops them to their sides.
the stick figure person slides to his left while dabbing to the oposite direction.
a person throwing a ball
person walking in circular motion bent down
a person slowly walked forward and sat on something
a person walks forward with the hands raised and then releases them to the sides.
the person starts jumping jacks
person slowly walks forward to the edge of the grey platform.
a person scratches different sides of their head with both hands.
a person waves at someone with his left hand.
a person in a t shape, bends down to the left and back up.
this person is bent forward and moving hands very quickly.
robot started waving his right hand.
a person has both arms in the air and drops them.
a person is walking on uneven terrain.
person steps backwards then is stationary
a person stands still and then steps backward with both feet.
a man is jumping, his arms are at his side, his legs are straight, his arms move up straight and outwards with his hands over his head in a v shape, as he jumps his legs move apart away from eachother in an inverted v shape
a man stretches his shoulders and rotates his both arms and then stretches his right foot too.
a person walks in a circle
walking backwards and then sitting.
a person lays down on the ground with their hands placed forward and their elbows bent
a person raises their hand to their face then drops it.
a person appears to buckle something around their lap.
losing balance, moving backwards with both feet.
a person walks straight forward, pauses, and then begins walking again before pausing once more.
a person moves their right hand in a clockwise motion in front of them at chest level
the person is in a fighting stance, then hops backwards and lowers their hands, trying to dodge something
a person walks forward, slightly bends at the waist, reaches for something to his left with his right hand, and he moves the thing to his right.
the man walks forward stumbles slightly and takes a few more steps.
a person kneels down on their knees.
a person takes large, hopping, steps sideways from left to right.
person stands up from a lunge and reaches in front of them
a person throwing something with the right hand and catching it back
person salutes and then puts his hand down to his side again.
someone is carefully walking up the stairs.
figure moves around a circlular object off of a higher flat surface than its center.
a person walks with purpose to the far right.
this person appears to cough in his right hand then takes a drink of something.
a person is standing still with their arms out like they have big muscles.
person walks forward and to the right
person is walking backward slowly.
a man sitting down rubs his left knee and then rubs his right knee.
a person walks up and down steps in a square pattern.
a person walks forward with a little run in one of the steps.
a person leans their body to the right and looks right to left.
the toon walks forward, sways a bit, then walks back before stopping.
the person is walking holding  his arms.
a person boxes to right and left.
a man walking down steps
a man lifts heavy object and places it on a surface.
a person walks forward, then gets on its right knee then does a hand gesture.
a man leans down and wipes something with his right hand.
a person runs, does an action roll, then starts to run again.
the person was flying around like a fly.
a person walks slowly forward.
jogging in place while upping the pace to a fast job then takes a couple steps back to a squat position.
the stick man stops, walks forwards and turns around to about face and walks forward.
a person is walking around casually
stick figure takes a step to the far left
excited person starts with arms out and bounces from one foot to the other while clapping.
walking wobbly as if drunk or dizzy.
a peson steps backwards from their right to left to avoid something.
a man steps forward rhythmically, moving his arms up and around and out as he walks around erratically in a dance.
person steps forward kicks with the right foot, steps back and repeats the kick with the right foot.
a person is leaping a few feet, turning direction, then leaping another few feet.
a man stands with his feet shoulder width apart.  he then picks up something from near the ground with his right hand.  he holds the object for a few moments and then turns and walks away to his left.
a person takes four steps, left foot first then right foot, moving forward.
a person moonwalks in a clockwise hemi-circle
a man has his arms raised then jumps, walking up the stairs.
a man lowers himself into a crawl, then crawls diagonally, then begins to stand up.
person walks up onto a beam then walks across then walks down
a person quickly waves with their right hand
a person walks casually clockwise in a circle.
a person putting their hands to there face
a man alternates standing on one foot.
the man walks forward in an s pattern.
a person is showing dancing moves
subject is sitting flat on the ground feat straight in front then the subject stands straight up then sits back down with feet straight out in front again
a person raises his arms and claps quickly.
person is using their left arm up to point around
a person holds their hand to their face.
a person raises their arms and throws them back down in frustration
a person walks, confused and looking for something.
a person reaches up and then down with his left hand.
a person does a cartwheel
figure appears to be sneaking around
a person walks in a s shaped pattern back and forth across the square area.
a standing person steps forward putting their hands out in place in motion to catch an object then steps back with their right foot and lifts their hand up to motion throwing the object back
a man kicks two times in opposite directions of a perpendicular a angle.
a person is moving side to side while twirling in half circles.
person is lifting his left hand in not very wide range with his entire body standing strong on the floor with his legs on the lenghth of the shoulders.
a person swings his right arm.
person walking in an s shape
a man stands on his right foot while kicking his left foot out.
character lifts both hands up to face twice.
the sim is standing still before extending their left arm up.
a person walks forward rather slowly.
the person is jogging back and forth.
a person briskly walks in an anti clockwise direction.
a person lifts their arms from the side to the front.
a figure appears to climb stairs
a person moves a step to the right side from being pushed.
the person puts their hand on their face then squats down like theyre going underwater
a person raises both hands in the air.
a person takes two steps forward
a person walks in a full clockwise circle.
the person is holding his head because he feels dizzy.
the person starts with a slow clap, stops, and then claps again at a faster pace .
a person looks at his right wrist then puts his hand down again
a person swings a tennis back hand with his right arm
man waves with his right hand while shifting weight to left foot.
a person carefully sits down in a swaying motion
the person is singing in the rain.
person makes uppercut boxing motion
the man is waving with his left hand
a man walks in a counterclockwise circle, then begins jogging after completing a full circle.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise motion.
the person pats something in front of them.
person is waving with left hand
a person is walking a tightrope trying not to fall.
a person turns to the right, then to the left before bending over and making a scooping motion with his left hand.
man walks forward and then turns around.
a person stirs something with their left hand
a person shakes out their arms and shoulders while keeping their hands at their sides.
person is standing, begins to drag left leg back and completes a counter counterclockwise circular motion with the right foot.
the man shakes something places it on the table and steps backwards.
person bends at waste lifts right arm and allows left on to swing freely and then lifts up bends again raises left arm and allows right arm to swing freely like a pendulum freely
the man moves his arms
someone sees something on the ground the they move slowly away from
a person claps his hands and walks.
a person slowly walked downstairs
a person grabbed something and throw it with left hand
the person is walking very slow.
the person moves their hands as if looking for something in a refrigerator or cabinet.
a person moves his hands in a wavy pattern as if mimicking something swimming
a man walks to the right and then to left and then comes to a stop in the middle.
a person grab with hands something and carries over to the other place
a man lifts each knee to his elbow multiple times and then does a squat.
a person slowly walks foward , and then stops before something
a person waves with their right hand.
the person raises his left arm and points, steps to his left and pauses like he is talking to someone, then raises his arm and points again.
the person is leaving something in circular motions.
she carefully sliced some of the zucchini and then backed away from the table.
person had his arms out to the side and he put his hands together then he touched his lleft side of head.
a person lifts both arm up slightly.
person walks forward and turns around and walks back
the sim appears to be standing at a sink, what looks like they use their right hand to brush their teeth.
person pick something up on the right and placed it on the left
person stands upright and moves left arms in a angry position while shaking his other arm
person jumps up many times over a skipping rope and jumps over rope
a person brings their left arm up to their mouth slowly and then lowers it back down to their side.
a person walks forward to the left, then takes several steps backwards, stumbles and steps to the left.
a person walks in a figure 8 facing left.
a person punches with both hands as if they are fighting.
person is in t stance, brings arms in, then returns to t
a man uses his right hand to open something in his left hand and brings the left hand up to his face as if he's drinking.
the person backed up and sat down.
a man walks forward in an s pattern before stopping.
a person holds on to a wall to balance while walking because their gait is out of alignment.
he casually walk which a vivid arm swing.
a person walks backwards five steps starting with the left foot.
a person brings their arms together, then lifts their left arm and performs a throwing motion with it, like they're throwing a football.
a person does jumping jacks by hopping while extending both legs out to the sides and extending both arms out to the sides and above their head
moving the left leg with balance of right leg.
the person is doing the moonwalk.
the person turned around and sat down.
stepping sideways up to the right and back down to the left.
a man extends left arm, then moves arm around at the elbow.
a person takes a quick step forward.
a man does a dance, shuffles backward, and dances again.
walking in a diagonal line then sitting.
the person sits down and gets back up.
a person plays a guitar left handed.
a person picks up something and pours the liquid in another object. then leaves it back, picks up another object and repeats the process again.
a person kicks low with right foot followed by left foot.
a person turns to the lift, walks forward and then walks up some steps, then turns right again and then steps down.
a person walks forward. they swing both of their arms out, then swing their right arm out.
a man does a handsand, nearly falls, then stands up and does it again.
the man is doing jumping jacks
a person does exercises with legs and arms.
a person holds their right foot, then bends down to hold it before standing up to balance on one foot.
a man walks forward with his arms loosely at his side.
a person appears to be sitting and driving a car.
a person holds their arms up and turns from left to right while waving their arms
a person walks up to the left side and then back to the right.
a figure checks the time on their watch
the picks up something with his right and then walks forward.
a person walks forward and limps with their left hand holding their hip.
this person used their left arm to turn their head and then extend the arm away from the body.
stick figure turns counter clock ways for half a circle, then back clock ways
a person dribbling a ball and then kicking it
the figure is walking straight with their hands to their sides.
a person slowly walking downhill.
a person walks slowly forward, stopping in a standing position.
a person walks in a clockwise circle with arms and hand above their head
a person does a dance moving to their left
a person crosses its arm
a figure jumps a few times clockwise, then quickly turns counterclockwise with one big twisting jump, then stumbles backward upon landing.
a person rests their right hand on their right shoulder while periodically lifting their left arm and slamming it on a surface.
a standing person brings their right foot behind them.
a person shakes with his left arm up, then puts it down and shakes with his right arm up
a person walks calmly from the top left to the bottom right.
a person who has his arms raised head high raises his arms above his head and lowers them three times.
a person stumbles around and struggles to maintain balance.
a person bends forward, as if nodding their head.
a character raises their hands up to dance with somebody
a man walks to the opposite end of the room.
a person does a forward roll, finishing on their feet in a wide stand then raises their left arm out to the side
a person starts to walk forward with feet wider then normal apart and then jumps.
person starts out on hands and knees and stands up.
a person lightly hops in place several times.
a man runs foward in a straight line.
the person is wipin or moving something.
the person is jogging lightly
a person slowly walks forward.
person appears to be crouch down and forward as if they are arm wrestling.
a person made a micro move to bent the knee
the person gets up from the floor and sits up.
person runs fast in forward direction
a person takes a few steps forward, then slightly at the waist and move something with the left hand, then takes a few steps back.
a person lowers their arms and rests their hands on their legs.
a person crosses their arms.
someone standing and moving hands
a man walking in a clockwise direction and returning to his original position.
jogging forward a couple of feet
a person walks forward and then walks up some steps.
person is moving items on a shelf
a man hops with both feet to the left
a person walking like a penguin in a circle.
lightly jumping rope in place
a person sits down, then gets back up.
a person walks forward and makes a right hand turn.
person jumps up in the air
a person reaches forward with the left hand and then lets their arm drop to their side.
a person walking forward and stands still.
a person walks forward at a fast pace with hands moving at the wrist
someone jumps off a raised platform and catches their balance as they land.
a person walks forwards down 4 steps then does a little jump in the air
a standing person using their left foot firsty walks very slowly followed by their right foot behind them
a person is swimming the butterfly.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides jumps in place twice and then shifts his body right and left while remaining in place.
a man lowers both hands and touches right foot , moves to the right and touches right foot again.
a person who is standing with his arms out from his sides climbs up four steps, turns 180 degrees, walks down four steps and stops with his hands at his sides.
person has their shoulders moved upwards, and they're moving their legs forwards one leg at a time. finally they move their head in an upwards and downwards motion as if they're a chicken
stretching arms above head.
a man walks forward in a half skip limbering himself before doing a strenuous activity.
the man lifts his right arm
the person is sitting down possibly driving.
a person grabs something with their right hand.
a person walks straight ahead in a regular way.
a person lifts both arms to shoulder height and waves both arms by bending their elbows.
a person stands on his left leg, swings his right leg out to the side, back, and then he returns to a two-legged standing position.
a person stands on their left leg while circling their right leg.
a person runs forward and then stops.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person repeatedly blocks their face with their right arm.
a person puts both of his hands on his right upper thigh and bends slightly down to relieve pain, the person is caring for his right upper thigh and making sure it is ok.
a person is pantomiming there is a wall in front of him by pretending to touch it high and low.
a person squats down and puts their hands up to their face while squatting. then brings their arms back down as they stand back up straight.
a man steps over an object while walking on a diagonal.
a person lunges forward bending their left knee and elbow.
the person stgeps forward, jabbing alternating hands out.
a person readies themselves to throw an object, then steps forward and makes a throwing motion.
a person takes a step forward, then kneels down with their right leg while using their right hand to steady himself.
a person runs quickly forward.
a person standing up slowly steps backwards with both their left and right foot
a person turns around a nd starts walking. they stop after a moment and turn around again.
a person casually walks forward.
crouching and walking forward and cowering.
a person stumbles backward without falling.
a person lowers to sit down cross legged and then stands back up.
the man performed a tennis smash that won the match.
a person stands with their arms in a relaxed position and their knees slightly bent.
person  facing forward does a throwing motion  with right arms before  going into a defensive motion with fists in face
a person lifts their right arm to rub their stomach in a circular motion.
a man takes a step back.
slightly hunched forward as the arms are moving slowly above the head in a ghostly manner.
a person steps to his left.
person bends knees then slightly jumps into the air.
person is doing jumping jacks
a person appears to be playing a guitar.
a person picks up a cloth/sponge with their right hand, then walks over to an object, lifts it with their left hand and washes/wipes it with the cloth.
the person is picking up something.
a person pushes something away and then twists around.
a person grabbed something and hit with it something
a person walks in stride forward.
a person walks up to the right side and then back to the left.
a person slowly walks counterclockwise in a circle with their arms stretched out in front of them.
a person in a squatting position has body shakes and tremors.
person walks forward picks up speed for a second and then slows back to walking speed.
a person walks forward several steps.
a person bends his arms and crosses them across the front of his body.
person is walking back and forth
a man steps forward and then kicks vigorously with his right leg, then backs up to his starting posiiton.
he walks then shuffles his leg
a person walks around and struts their stuff
a person stands up and walks forward diagonally, then stops and raises both their arms.
a person jumps clockwise, then clockwise again at 90 degrees, and then counterclockwise circle.
a person moves their left hand along the ground in a clockwise direction.
person remains standing with both hands criss crossed in front of his face
a person picks up a horizontal object from their front right side with both hands, and moves it to the front left side.
he steps forward and turns around then walks around in a circle.
moving arms around near chest.
a person leans to the right with left arm above head.
the person is touching arm.
a person takes a single step down.
a man shakes his right hand whilst picking up and pouring somthing with his left hand.
person walks, hops, and continues walking
a person grabbed something and sat somewhere and after get up
a person is walking around aimlessly as if pondering something.
a person marches with their right hand slightly raised, turns around and marches back with their left hand slightly raised.
a person swings their right arm over their head as if they were spiking a volleyball.
a person runs forward stops abruptly and continues running.
the man moves to the side
a person moves left foot then squats down.
a man walks in a clockwise circle, then begins jogging after completing a full circle.
a person walking and changing their path to the left
person dancing back and forth and then raising both legs
the person was doing upper body stretches.
a person walks in place with their arms swinging at their side.
a person stands on their right leg for a few seconds then stands on their left leg for a few seconds.
a person places their hands in front of their face, and then places them back at their sides.
a person takes a wide stance and jumps around the floor.
someone runs backwards in a clockwise motion.
a person walks and trips towards his left and then resumes walking.
a figure lowers its arms and then staggers forward to the right haggardly
person is playing catch with someone
a person raised hiw left hand and pull it down, and keep doing it
a man walks back and forth in a room.
a man sets a can on the ground and prepares to fight.
a person scratches their head
a man walks up something with his left hand raised.
a man stand and crossing legs
a person steps their left leg forward and throws their arms downwards 3 times
a person executes an uppercut punch with the right hand.
a person is making a motion of throwing an object to his left side with his right hand.
the person is raising his left arm.
a person walks forward, backward, and forward again.
the person is walking around looking around for something.
a perosn jumps up 12 times and then stands with feet and arms stretched apart
person moves forward then quickly side steps to their left hand side then zig zags back to front centre
a man takes a step forward and then back and then forward again.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides bends his knees and jumps up and lands in place.
a man casually saunters down the steps. his right hand on the railing for balance.
a person stands with their arms raised and waves their hands, they then bring their arms towards the middle of their body and moves their arms outwards.
drunk walking animation turning around
a person takes a small hop forwards.
someone is sliding an object to the right
a person quickly runs straight forward, then bends down and picks up something with both hands.
a man walks forward in a straight line, thennearly topples over, putting his weight on the blue foot, before regaining his balance and continuing his stride.
a person does an exercise squat.
the person starts wiping off something then stand back and lift both their arm up
with legs spread apart squatting, the hands meet at the chest in a brushing off manner then the right hand goes to the left shoulder.
a person bends down, the places their left hand on their stomach.
a person lifts weights, and does a short squat.
a person standing straight using their right hand to move as if mixing a batter, bending at the elbow, in counter counterclockwise rotation twice around.
a man is riding a motorcycle.
he raises his hands and feet alternately and then prances around.
the person bends down and gets on their knees.
the man is walking around in a circle in a hunched position as if to show he is sneaking.
a person walks diagonally forward.
crossing arms over chest.
a person runs in a corcle clockwise then counter clockwise.
person is standing and does a right kick
a person walks forward and turns to the left.
a person stands on one leg, the other leg, bent at the knee, is held high to the right, then moved to the front and the lower leg is extended.
a man throws a punch.
someone is cleaning removing and putting objects
a person crawls on their hands and knees then stands
a person picks something up with his left hand, cradles it, then hold it up.
the man walks forward, stumbles and the jumps backwards.
a person is doing pushups while doing a wave motion with their body.
a person is bent over at the waist, motioning forward with their left hand, then stands up.
the sim walks in a figure 8 formation.
a man takes a step to the left to balance himself and then lifts both arms up at the same time aproximately 90 degrees.
a person is performing a cartwheels.
a person puts left arm in sweater, then right arm, then buttons sweater.
a person walks several steps backwards.
a person standing with their hands our to either side puts their hands on their hips, then puts their hands back out to either side.
a man moves his hand up in the air.
the person is boxing with their left hand.
a person grabbed something with both hands and return
a person runs in a circle while facing the same direction
a man turns to his left, walks forward, then suddenly staggers as he holds his shoulder with his left arm as though struck by something, then resumes walking, turns to his left, and walks again.
a person made a micro move to bent the knee
a person turns body to the right.
a person walks forward along the ground.
a person hops a couple of times, steps backwards and hops again.
a person grabs the railing and walks up and then back down the stairs.
a person walks forward, not quite in a straight line.
a person jogs in place
a person does jumping jacks.
a person walks around the room and stops.
a person performing a t pose in a slightly hunched over position
a person waves with their left hand.
a person walks straight and rests his left feet.
the person pick some thing up with both hands.
the toon is doing jumping jacks.
a man repeatedly lifts both arms toward his face at a 90 degree angle.
a person walks on something with his arms extended horizontally to try to maintain his balance.
a person bends their arms at the elbows and moves them up and down
quickly waving arms above head and then clapping while looking around.
as a person is walking forward, he bends down to squat and touch the ground.
the person is using both of their hands to empasize on what they are saying.
a person reaches down akd to their right to pick up an object. they then use that object and place it back where they picked it up from.
a person walking in a store
a person walks slowly forward, stopping in a standing position.
a person standing with feet wide apart lifts both arms outstretched to shoulder level.
the man sits and stares
the man reaches with his right hand for something then raises his hand to place it over there.
the person is walking forward with the cake.
a person slowly walks in a small lap
person steps out their right foot and pushes forward with both hand. person then steps back to original position. then the person steps to the side again, but only reaches out with the right hand.
arms begin in a bent position, then the right hand goes up as the left hand simultaneously goes down.
the man walks and bounces a ball.
a person reaches forward with both arms and waves them around.
a person standing still suddenly steps forward and to their left with their right foot, and then steps back to the same position.
a person is crwoched down with their knees bent, puts their left arm up and down three times.
a man walks forward limping on his right foot. he walks slightly to the right.
a sitting person pushes themselves up with their left foot and walks to the side to extend both their arms to the side of their body
a person points around with their right hand.
person is trying to be a human whale.
a man standing on his left leg raises his right leg and bends slightly at the knee, then straightens and rotates the leg to his side and behind him before returning it to the ground.
man stands straight up with hands to his sides, bends slightly at the knees and hops two times and then bends further down and jumps up in the air; he repeats this once more.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes four very slow steps forward.
a man bend at his hips and touches his left knee then touches his right knee.
the man jogs to the left then to the right then back to beginning.
a person stands on the ground and taps their foot four times.
person violently sweeps his arms back and forth across each other, as if fending off something from attacking him, while slowly moving backwards, then stopping and walking forwards.
this person reaches down and steps then makes a wiping motion.
a person is scrubbing a window
a person walks forward and back.
a person has their arms to their hips and leans forward and backward.
a person lifts their left leg and tries to balance while wiggling their leg
a man jumps and turns to his left.
a person moving forward climbs down the stairs.
lift your leg and extend it about hip hieght then place your foot back on thr ground.
a person slowly walked forward in right direction
a person walks to his left and walks back.
a man holds someone's hands as if greeting them and then shakes his left hand with someone
the person is walking back and forth diagonally.
a person balances one foot in front of the other and walks forward.
a person standing straight ,holding hands .
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person takes a step backwards to the right.
a person walks in a circle, placing right foot in the circle.
a man walks clockwise, in a circle, takes 7 steps and then sits down just before getting back to where he started.
this person is moving front to back and lifting arms to catch something.
a man walks straight, then turns around and walks back.
walking forward then stopping.
a person walks to his right.
a person swings their arm backwards while stepping back
the person is walking forward then backward turns and walks back to the side.
person picks something up and swings it back and forth
a standing person walks forward then  does a turn waling back followed by another turn and walking forward again
a person takes two steps backwards, beginning with his left leg.
a person turns counter clockwise 180 degrees, walks straight, then turns counter clockwise 180 degrees again.
a man beginning with his left leg slides to the left side.
a man picks up a water nozzle with his right hand and proceeds to wash something off then places nozzle back.
a person walks in a large squiggly line to their left.
a person walks forward, swinging both arms in a windmill motion.
a person talking to a microphone and waving to an audience
a person walks in a circle
a person slowly walks forward in a diagonal line.
a person waves with their right hand.
the person is shrugging his shoulders and then saluting someone.
a person walks up to a door, knocks, and leaves.
the person is walking around thinking about something.
a man takes 1 step forward then sits down, then stands back up.
a person in a squatting position has body shakes and tremors.
person has shoulders slumped and is bent at the waist
a person hops forward four times, then turns around and begins to hop again.
man bows down to the right.
a person walks in a 3/4th complete counter clockwise motion  while swinging their arms forward and backwards
a person throws something with his right hand.
person opens a bottle then proceeds to drinking it while holding it with left hand
a man brings both hands toward his face and then puts his arms down.
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
a person scratches themselves using their right hand.
the man leaps forward on both feet.
a person looks around, steps back, then runs forward while throwing an object.
a figure climbs down into water and then swims
person was pushed and recovered from falling
a man energetically hops and shuffles his legs as he keeps his arms bent defensively in front of him, turning to his right and moving forward and back.
someone walks forward and turns backward
person jumps to side with legs and arms then squats a few times with arms raised
a person scratches their neck with their left hand.
person is making animal like gestures
a person raises there arms towards there shoulders
a person shuffles to the left, the shuffles to the right.
a person using a fishing rod
a person slides their right arm against their left hand, then makes small rapid motions with both hands in front of their chest.
someone completes a full jumping jack before stopping.
a person is standing still, slightly swaying their right & left arms,
the person lunges to the left to stretch
a man brings both hands up to come together over his head, then pushes them forward in an upward motion as though tossing something.
a person kneels on both knees then stands into an upright position.
this person walks forward but catches himself after stumbling.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person jogs in place
the person was running forward.
standing forward, a body turns slightly backwards to the left, reaches toward the ground with his left hand then back up to the face then back down to the ground, standing forward again.
a person takes very wide steps while walking forward as if they were avoiding something on the floor.
a person talking to a microphone and waving to an audience
a person jumping around with alternating hip twisting motions and then does a 360 degree counter clockwise spin
a person fakes a handoff with a football and then proceeds to throw it.
a person runs their left hand through their hair.
a person raises their hands above their heads, rotates their torso side to side, stretches side to side, and then stretches back and forth.
a person starts a jogging on the place
a man steps backwards then lifts his left hand out by his side.
a person loses his balance towards his right and then steps back towards his left.
a person is running forwards
the person bends down and picks up an object from the ground.
a person stands straight with their left hand over their head then lowers back into a more prone position.
a person lifts their right arm, then gets pushed from behind.
person puts their left arm around their head/ear area
the person walks forward then turns around to walk in the direction they came from.
a person stands with arms slightly outstretched at their sides and walks forward while using his left arm to hold on to something to guide him.
a person jumps and puts his hands in the air.
a person jumps and turns right and left.
a man puts his hands up, steps back and then throws a punch.
a person standing with their knees slightly bent is using both of their hands to hold on to something at chest level.
a person stretches their arms straight up while hopping slowly.
person moves forward to their left side and picks something up and does a full turn back
someone walking backwards in a strait line
the person starts to jog to the left for a few steps then turns around and jogs to the right and then jogs back to their starting point
a sitting person raises their right hand to their head.
a person walks forward and then backwards.
a person walks down some stairs.
a man jumps three times, going higher each time.
a person squats down then jumps forward.
a person seems to be hopping on his legs.
someone takes one big jump forward landing on both feet.
stretching leg while standing still.
this person jogs quickly moving forward.
a person begins to wave
a person slowly walking while making a circle
a person moves his left hand over torso, then turns that hand palm up.
a person steps forward and then makes slow sweeping motions with their left hand near their head.
walking to the side then sitting down and walking back.
a person swings their arms down and to their right, then raises them overhead, then shakes them up and down alternately, then raises the right arm to the side.
a person steps over a hole.
person is waiting with his left hand.
person walks forward then to the left.
a person walks normally and comes to a stop.
he walks in counterclockwise then stops
a person walks down a path taking 3 meaningful steps.
a man is standing still, puts his hands together and behind his back, then proceeds to lunge his hands forwards, as if he is fishing, then brings them back in
a person walks forward, turns around to sit down, waves their arms and stands back up.
someone is climbing a ladder,  they walk up 3 steps and then back down.
a man waved his one arm in the air and then he put it down and waved his other arm in the air.
a person walks forward at a normal pace
a person walks forward slowly.
man raises left hand to head level and brings it back down to hip level.
person pick something up and tilted it to the left.
the person sits down then stands back up
a person takes bouncing steps toward the lower left hand side, stopping for a moment in the middle before walking towards the lower left hand side again.
a figure seems to be gesturing for people to run past or through or under their other arm
the person lifts his right hand up and puts it back down.
a person uses both hands to grab something, then brings it to their mouth with their right hand, and grabs it again with both hands.
person moves to side and climbs some steps
a person is walking in a figure 8 pattern.
a person throws something with their left hand.
a person holds something above, and swings.
the person starts running quickly
a man raises his hands over his head, and to the sky. his lips move so as to mouth the words "ascend."
a person climbs the stairs while holding the hand rail
a man puts his hands on his hips, moves them in front of him as if typing on a keyboard, then places them back on his hips.
a person stretches out his arms
a ballerina is bringing the leg forward then taking a bow.
a person walks backwards to the left, then turns around and walks backward to the left.
a person raises their left hand slightly to look at their watch.
a person alternates swinging their left then right arm in forward then backward motions.
a person slowly walked forward
person grab the ball and he threw it across the field
a person walks side to side while raising and lowering both arms then puts hands on knees.
a person is raising their arms in the air with their legs bent as if lifting weights.
person walks forward and kicks, then walks back and repeats
a person holds on to things on both sides while carefully walking.
a person lifts his hands to catch and throw something
person walks forward dragging leg behind in pain  before turning and doing the same
a person is leaning forward and making rapid movements with their left arm.
a man shuffles back and forth.
a person is looking all over.
a person walks forwards then stops.
a person bends down and crawls to the left.
a person crouches then lunges forward with a kick.
a person is moving both hands up and down in front of them.
a person kicks as if he is kicking a ball.
a person walks forward, while supporting themselves with their left arm.
a person side steps to the left then the right.
a person waves their left hand, sways from back and forth, then waves around their right hand, then puts both hands on their hips and shifts their weight onto their left side
a person is pushed forward.
person takes longer steps, walking forward confidently.
a person looks around behind left and right.
a person who is warming up their arms and legs
person is walking counterclockwise circle from 3:00 to 6:00
a person walks forward slowly, then takes two more slow and deliberate steps.
a person stands still for a while then quickly walks forward.
a person walks forward and back while holding an object near their face.
a person moves quickly forward with arms and legs outstretched to appear bigger.
guy turns like going to throw a pitch and stomps right foot twice
a person doing front kicks starting with left leg.
a person stands looking right and left.
a person walks forward 3 steps, grabs something and moves it over, and then walks back.
a person appears to be playing the violin.
a person walks forward then to their right.
a person balances self on right leg.
a person  walks in a circular counter counterclockwise direction
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes five steps forward, then walks up three steps and stops.
a person puts their hands on their hips and turns to the left side.
a person seems to be patting his children on their head/shoulder in a sign of encouragement.
the person takes several steps forward.
a man sprints forward in a diagonal line slightly to the left then stops by shuffling his feet to slow himself.
walking backwards and then stopping.
a person runs in a corcle counterclockwise then counter counterclockwise.
someone moves their arms upwards then downwards in a repeated motion.
a man walks slowly up some stairs.
a man land leans forward, then takes a small step forward
a person walks forward, while holding arms stiff, with a bend at the elbow. with every step, they alternate swinging the opposite arm forward.
walking forward and then back.
a person walks, speeds up, and jumps.
a man acts out making the shape of a tea pot then begins to shake
it looks like he is lifting a box on a shelf and grabbing another box to put on shelf as well.
someone us pumping their right hand in the air.
a man stands with his arms by his sides
person walking with unsteady gait reaches out with left amr before standing still and reaching with both hands to something infront of him and below his waist
person is focused on their hands around their head.
a person steps backwards with their right foot before stepping forwards to the right with their left foot, and swapping the motion repeatedly.
the figure appears to be swimming using the breast stroke
this person paces the floor and then returns to their normal position.
person walking down stairs while using handrail.
a person takes a big step forward
a person steps to the left and aggressively punches down, then moves forward while punching and completes the forward move with a kick.
man stands pivoting on right foot holding up left leg with both arms stretched open trying to keep balance.
he casually walk which a vivid arm swing.
someone takes two steps forward then does a spinning heel turn on one foot and returns to their starting position.
a person is smoothing out something in front of them.
the person walks in a circle
standing in place then walking forward.
person alternating between backwards and forwards movements
the person rubs his arm, sits up, and then walks away.
a person does 2 high jumps.
the person was laying down on their back.
person is swimming with both  arms and legs extending in motion
the person walks forward, spins on one leg and walks back.
the person is leaning forward looking around.
a person throws with their left arm
the person is boxing with the left arm.
a person walks upstairs in a straight line.
doing a cartwheel forward.
the person uses their arms to warm up
a person with their hands to their side, folds their arms in front of them, and then lowers their hands to their sides again.
a person walking forward and stands still.
a person stretches from side to side.
a man stumbles forward and then swings his arms before stepping back.
a person is walking forward and comes to a stop.
the person is moving hips around.
a person walks counterclockwise from the 3 o'clock position to the 11 o'clock position.
a person sits with his arms on his thighs, then raises his arms and leans to the right to avoid something.
person stands for a few moments before  jumps and spins left leg around counterclockwise
a person walks forward in a straight line
a person shakes hands together, pulls up something in front and from each side of body, pulls something over and sets it down.
someone takes three steps forward
a person uses their watch
the figure person raises both arms to horizontal right and begins to waltz in one location.
a figure runs in place turning clockwise
a person lifts both arms above their head, then moves them forward quickly.
figure appears to be cooking adding seasoning to dishes
the person is jumping rope facing forward.
a man is dancing in place while spinning around.
a man holds upper arms to shoulder length and his forearms hang at his sides. his left arm scratches right shoulder. arms dangle at the sides before left arm reaches to touch head.
a person hunches over, curls both arms, and looks around anxiously.
person is walking in a half circle towards the left
the person is rubbing his belly in a circle.
a man crosses arms puts them down and steps back and then does a arm movement before waving and putting them down
the person is swatting at a mosquito.
the person walks forward, then walks to their right and steps up and down as if stepping over or on obstacles.
a person runs and then turns to do a cartwheel.
a person raises his hands overhead, steps up onto a beam, walks on the beam and then steps down off the beam.
he moved his hands inward then outward.
someone is running in place.
a person bring both their hand out to their side, then rolls them around and then returns them back to their side
a person looks to wash someone elses head
a person standing up waves with their right arm in a large motion.
a person lightly hops in place several times.
person lifts arms to chest and then flaps arms 6 times
the man tries to stand in a yoga tree pose and looses his balance.
a figure walks towards the foreground at medium speed.
the person is waving with his left hand.
a person squats then stands back up.
the person is holding the camera to focus on a subject
the person is lifting a dumbbell with his left arm.
person takes something and then finely cuts something
a person looks around, walking
a person balances on their left leg while leaning.
a person walks while holding their arms still.
a person walks in a figure eight pattern and stops before finishing.
a person pushes forward with one hand.
a person standing still uses their left arm to curl an object two times.
person jumps up then waits for a bit and then walks forwards and stops
man slowly walks turning right and widening the circle
a person reaches down to the right and transfers an item to the right.
a person slowly throws punches with their left and right hands.
a person leans forward and moves his arm around in a circular motion.
a person was sideways to right with the left foot stepping over the right foot, then reverses direction with the right foot stepping over the left
a person who is standing does four weight lifting arm curls with his right arm.
a person is clapping their hands above their head, lowers their arms and extends them out to the sides, then brings both hands toward their stomach.
a person walks forward then slows
a person lifts his arms to the side then down and back up
a person punches out in front of them alternating hands
the person is lifting both arms up to the side, then pretends to juggle, then moves arms from side to side and finally seems to be tapping on a drum with both palms.
the person is doing a right arm upper body stretch.
he walks in clockwise then stops
a person side skips back and forth then walks.
the man rambles forward turns to the right then jogs to the left.
the person is acting like a monkey.
the person is doing toe touching exercises.
person runs on an exercise machine.
a person putting hands together then taking them apart and bringing back almost together.
a person moves forward two steps, swings around 180 degrees and takes two steps back to where he started.
a figure throws hard forward with their right hand
a man is moving forward and makes a motion of climbing up steps.
a person shuffles his feet while bending over and then olaces his arms crossed on the top of his legs.
a person doing a roundhouse kick with the left leg.
a person walks and bends left
the sim appears to be adjusting a watch that is placed on their right wrist.
person has their arm out, put them down then waves with their right hand
a person jogs forward then turns and jogs back twice.
a person raised his right hand and after raised with left hand
the person got down on their knees and hands and crawl across the floor.
someone carefully looks behind them while backing up, then uses both hands to dip into a slight sitting motion.
a person dances with someone.
the person jogs up the stairs
the toon is standing still, raising their right arm in front of their chest.
swinging right arm in petting motion.
a person jumps and turns backwards.
a person holds his left arm over his head and stretches it toward the sky.
person is standing there, tilting self to the side and standing there.
a man has his hands high over his head, and shakes them slightly as he rotates his hips.
a man quickly turns right using his right heel as the pivot point.
a person stands in place and then steps sideways to the left.
a person walks normally and comes to a stop.
a person walks to the left, then walks forward and uses his left leg to leap to the right.
a person walks forward slowly then stops.
a person runs forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person grabbed the body and start to do some jesture
person is doing "i'm the little teapot" dance
the person was walking in a counter clockwise circle.
an exuberant man does a russian dance.
a person is wiggling their arms
the person is walking upstairs.
a person raises his hands above his head and walks forward
a person bends slightly bends over and wipes a table with their left hand.
a man walks forwards quickly with his arms swaying gently.
a man holds a drink in his left hand, opens it with the right hand, and then lifts the vessle to his mouth to drink.
this person very carefully walks forward.
takes a slight bow forward.
a person does jumping jacks.
someone is waving his left hand.
a man stands and ben's both arms at the elbow and lift his shoulders slightly, then repeats again, then returns back to a standing position.
a man waves his right arm.
a person picks up and pours two things into something with his left hand and then mixes them.
a man does a jump and falls to the ground face first.
person walking walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person picks up something on the ground on his left side he picks it up to eye level and inspects it then puts it back on the floor to the left side
the person is pacing back-and-forth side to side.
a person struts forward slowly with swagger.
a person does a light skip while walking
a person jerkily dances, stepping one foot over the other, moving in a counterclockwise circle while moving their arms outwards and upwards
a person does an over head press.
a man gestures with both hands in a manner that is defusing.
a person eats while standing.
a person starts to jog in place and then returns to standing still.
a person walks forward in an askew line.
a person walks backwards and stops.
the man flexed his muscle and touched it and then put his arm back down to a side.
a person brings both of their hands to their chin and holds them there before lowering both hands to their side.
a person squats with arms above the head twice.
a person walks forward, turns and then sits on a chair.
a person jogs forward quickly.
gets down on knees and hops backwards by a inch
a person raise both their hands and claps.
a person swings a golf club
a person crouches on all fours, lifts their rear, then stands up and pivots to their left.
a person dances while moving their hips.
a person throws their hand up forward then claps.
a person pours something with their left hand, puts it down to their side, then reaches for something to their right side with their right hand.
a person hops 5 times on his left legs walks backwards 4 steps then forward 4 steps
person walks with their hands pointing slightly backwards and arms swinging
a person punches with their left hand before they do a clockwise spin.
a person is bending forward with their arms down, then they stand up and rotate left and put down a large object.
a man swings his left arm behind him and then swings it forward and down toward the right, as if he is brushing something aside,
a person throws and object with their left hand
picking something up off the ground and putting it on something
a person takes marching steps in various directions.
the person is walking forward.
person sits with legs crossed, then stands up
a person raises their left arm slightly.
walking diagonally to the left
a person raising their hand from waist line towards above their head
a person marches forward with their arms swinging at their sides.
someone runs erratically back and forth.
person walking very slowly towards something
a person grabs at things with their left arm then moves it in a circular motion
a person walks  quickly to the right and then to the left and back to the center.
a person walks forward a few steps.
a person waves his left arm around.
a person looks slightly to their right, then lifts their right hand to slap someone else's hand as in a "what's up" gesture.
a person jumps forward once.
a man gets up from a kneeling position and walks towards the left.
a person hops back, then takes a step sideways to their left, crossing one foot behind the other.
a person is stretching their legs to the right.
a person walking rolling both arms clockwise to warm up shoulders
a person raises their left arm to the right, then to the middle.
the person is sitting down eating dinner.
a person takes a step backwards with his left foot, then performs a kick, kicking out forward with that foot.  he raises his arms up to around chest height as he does the kick.  after the end of the kick, he puts his arms down, back to resting position, and steps backward with the left foot again.
a person wipes something with his right hand.
the sim kicks an object with their left foot.
the person is turning left.
a person puts his left hand out and starts moving both hands.
a person walks forwards then stops.
a person raises their right hand to their head, keeps it there for a couple seconds, then lowers it and quickly raises it once more.
a figure raising its left arm above its head before gesticulating with its right hand
the person is walking back-and-forth sideways.
a person runs in place, and then springs to the left, then to the right, and back to their starting position.
a person grabbed something and moved backwards
the man is stretching his arms
moving hands onto knees.
a person falty jumped few times
the person smashed a tennis ball.
a person walks forward and then pulls something behind them.
a person turns completely around, leaps forward, takes a step as he turns back around, then walks back to where he started.
a person walks forward and turns to the left.
a person dances and moves around with their hands in the air.
a person stepping straight backwards
a man bends down to crawl on his knees.
a person gets pushed to the left, recovering, they walk back to the right.
a person walks turning to the left.
the person is doing jumping jacks
a person raises there arms towards there shoulders
a person waves both arms up and around while turning to his left and forward again.
the person is jogging.
user puts both hands together and pulls them back above head and then back down again
a figure begins in a crouch, tapping on its knees, raising its hands to catch
the person is walking in an s shape.
the person is washing the windows.
a figure appears to be breakdancing
moving hand up and down.
a person casually takes one step back.
a man walks forward with arms stretched out to the sides as if on a tightrope.
a man moves his right hand in front of him in a circular motion.
person is waving with right hand
a person who seems to sit
walking forward in a line.
a figure stands with their hands on their hips then catches a ball low and tosses it back
the person is sitting and put his left finger up.
the person takes something out then puts the object to their head
a person sta on something and raised the hands and made some jesture
a person is stretching their left leg and getting ready for a run.
the person approaches and slowly walks around the back of a chair to their right then sits down.
walking forward and then stopping.
someone is crouched down, their arms are raised to their face, before they lower their right arm and look around. they then raise both arms again and repeat.
person runs on the spot
a person is balancing on top of something on their right foot, both arms extended for balance, then they switch to their left foot.
a person walking then taking a huge step
a person standing raises both arms in front of them to be parallel to the floor.
a person walks forward slowly, their arms swinging slightly, then they turn around.
a person walks diagonally to the right place something down.
a person walks in a clockwise circle swaying one arm and keeping the other arm still
a man stands in place.
a person is walking foward.
a person walks two steps straight forward and then walks in a slight curve to their right.
the person picked up his phone to make a call and then put it back.
a person approaching an object, squatting down in front of it with the support of their right hand, and standing back up.
at the first he leans to the right then slowly stretches up to his right
a person walks up stairs slowly
a person is drippling a ball and shooting.
the person took a big step over something.
using his left hand a person picks up an object examines then places back where it came from
the person is doing something with his right hand.
the person is running in place.
the person is performing a right leading front kick
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person flexes then released his flex
a man picks up an object moves it a few inches to the right then places it back down
a person gets on the ground and crawls on the floor then turns around continues to crawl. then gets back up in standing position.
a squatting person, holding their knees, lifts their arms twice laterally
a person swings their arms together toward their right, then up toward their left.
a person mimics playing the guitar.
a person lifts their right arm, to their head, then to the right before dropping the arm again.
a person swaying his/her leg a certain motion and raising their right arm
a person walks around the room and stops.
a person lifts dumbbells with both arms to their chest.
a person grabs at things with their right arm then moves it in a circular motion
the person is walking downstairs.
the person drinks from the big jug
a person takes a step forward, pivots on their right foot and turns 180 degrees and walks back to where they started, but facing the opposite direction
a person sits down on the ground briefly cross legged and then begins to stand up.
a person moving something from right to left
a man is bent down close to the floor and bouncing on his feet for 5 seconds then begins to duck walk forward while continuing to bounce.
a person walks forward with hands at their sides
a person lifts both hands up to the face and then lowers them.
a person holds their arm out in front of them then lowers it
moving hands from side to side above head.
a person standing up waves with their left arm in a large motion.
a person runs sideways in a counterclockwise way, before running back counter counterclockwise to their original position
a figure swims and rows.
peeson hops on 1 leg in a spiral pattern the switches legs and continues.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
a person folds both arms at chest level then puts them back down beside their legs.
the person is walking forward and turn around like a monster
a person takes five steps starting with their right foot and then stops.
a person walks forward, the raises its right arm up and down twice.
person steps out to side picks something up with left hand then holds it with both hands then turns holds something with both hands whilst stretched out both arms
a person brings their left hand to their mouth and they hunch forward, then they stand back up and drop their hand.
a man jogs to the left with his arms in a running motion. then turns around and jogs to the right. then jogs back to the centre
a person holds their face while crying.
the person is running in place.
the person is walking like heโs doing a comedian act.
a person who is walking backwards
stick figure jumping to a position with the legs spread wide and the hands going overhead, then returning to a position with the feet together and the arms at the sides otherwise known as a jumping jack
swinging arm down then standing still.
person walks forward and to the right
a person is swinging around his arms.
person is jumping up and down slightly on the spot
a man sets a can on the ground and prepares to fight.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person kneels down firstly on his left, then his right.
person steps ten steps in a side on direction very stelphly
a person raises their hand to their face then drops it.
this person sits as if to play a drum.
a person stands on the right leg while bending and moving the left leg in a variety of positions.
a man steps forward diagonally one step at a time.
a person bends down towards the ground, bends knees, and rolls forward performing a summersault.
a squatting person raises their arms upwards from their sides, then places them back on his legs.
a person swings their arms in a wide circle.
this person was forward then stops.
a person performs a forward kick with their right leg.
a person walks around in a counter counterclockwise circle.
a person leans over to wipe down a table
a person walks forwards casually.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides twist his body hard to the left and then resumes his original position.
this person steps right and left in a circle.
the person does a quarter turn to their left when jumping .
a person walks forward in a diagonal line, turns around and jogs forward towards the starting position
this person is sitting on a swivel chair with arms raised as if playing an instrument.
a person takes small steps while holding something in both of their arms angled down towards the ground
a person takes a few steps forward then begins climbing some stairs.
a person greets and shakes with one hand then shakes with both hands to another person.
a person rapidly runs in a diagonal.
a person slightly bows their head.
a person picks something up off the floor
a character takes two steps up to a beam, extends their arms to a "t" position while walking on said beam until reaching the destination.
the man walked forward, spun right on one foot and walked back to his original position.
a person starts with hands held out parallel to the ground, person then puts arms down to sides and walks forward in a counter clockwise pattern and at the end of the circle the person jumps back and to the left
person skips along in a wide circular shape
a sitting person gets up off the ground, walks clockwise in a circle back to his starting point, sits back down and then lays down on the ground a moment before beginning to rise again.
person walking unsteadily in forward motion
person is jogging and then gets down and walks like an ape and then gets back up and jogs again.
a person who is jumping on the same spot
a person strafes to the left.
a person standing up extending both arms to balance themselves and then sitting down.
the person walked in a complete oval
a man is side stepping to the left.
a person walks backwards, and then begins walking forward in a circular counterclockwise direction
a person walks, turns to the left, walks, and turns to the left again.
a person stands with their arms up and forward.
a person walks over something by standing on it, before continuing on their way.
someone skates forward, stepping left and right before stopping at an angle from their starting position.
a man moves his right arm in front of him.
he does a treadmill morn
a man is walking forward, spins around anticlockwise on his left foot the walks back to where he started from
a person moonwalks back and to the side, then moonwalks forward.
a person jogs forwards from the left to the right.
a person walks in a curve to their right and stops at about 90deg from start position.
a figure appears to smoke a cigarette
walking back and forth and swinging arms.
person appears to walk in a s shape as if they are a mommy or zombie.
a person lifts his left hand up to his face and then lowers it
a individual is standing with both arms extended before bringing them to their waste, taking a couple steps forward before bring their hands up as to grab the handle bars of a bike.
a man jumps three times, going higher each time.
a person walks forward waving their hands about
a man sidesteps to the left then turns around and walks normally in the opposite direction.
a person lifts its right arm in the air with a slight bend, and then brings it down to meet with its left arm.
a person steps from side to side, touches the ground, and swings his right leg up and around several times.
a person with their arms in front of them walks in a circle, counter-clockwise.
the sim appears to grab a cup with their right hand, taking a drink setting it down before turning around.
the person stood with his hands out of his side then he put them down a flapped them like a bird.
a person organizes items on a shelf with their right hand.
a person jogging in place.
person walks six steps to side with right arm up
the person was reaching to the right to pass something to the left.
a man holds his hands together and kicks with his right leg repeatedly.
a man swings his right arm behind him and then swings it forward and down toward the left, as if he is brushing something aside,
a person walks forward while leaning on something to their left.
a person walks down some stairs.
the person is drinking a tall glass of water.
a person struggles to walk on a balance beam.
a person walks forward balancing on something with both arms outward to their sides. the person then continues balancing on something as they turn to their right with both arms out to their side..
a man moves his hand up in the air.
a person raises left arm and wipes in a circular motion.
a person throws his right hand in the air.
the person does a couple of small kicks with his right leg
a person sits cross-legged on the floor then stands
a person does jumping jacks
a person hops around, jumping off of different objects.
a person standing scratches his head with his left hand and then lowers his hand back down.
a person runs across the area
a person appears to be running in place.
a person runs, does an action roll, then starts to run again.
the man uses the back side of his right hands to perform a smacking motion in front of him.
this person uses both arms and hands as if to throw an item up.
walking forward in a straight line.
a person remains standing and claps their hands
a person is moving hands and hips rapidly.
a person is jogging forward and looking at the ground
a person stands waving with their left hand.
the person hops quickly before walking up the stairs
a person underhand throws something with their right hand.
person slides backward to take a seat, drinks something and then puts the cup back
a man uses his left arm to brace as he sits down on the ground and crosses his legs, then stands back up.
the person takes their turn and jumps into a double dutch jump rope game.
the man is walking forward
a person waves with their left hand
a person walks on a treadmill at a slow pace.
a person walks forward two steps, and the takes two steps backwards.
a man moves his arms by his sides.
a person walking in a straight line
a person walks forward several steps.
a person completes 5 sets of jumping jacks.
a person bends over and picks some thing up with their left hand, then makes a right handed over hand throw, side arm throw, then another overhand throw.
character stands for a few seconds, takes four step foward and then hops once.
a person ran  forward in right direction
the man is moving his body and hands around
a person raises their right and and then their left
someone is holding both arms out, fully extended, while walking forward in a straight line
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person raises their right hand to their face.
a person moves left shoulder backwards, then right shoulder backwards. person then takes a step backwards with right foot, then left foot, and finally right foot.
man waiting and looking at the watch
the person was reaching to the left to pass something to the right.
a person picking up children's toys and putting them away.
person walks slowly with arms swaying slightly from top right to bottom left
a person doing the dancing in the rain dance.
a person runs on the spot in a slow tilted style.
a person stands legs slightly bent with hands on thighs then lifts arms straight out sideways.
a person does a strange maneuver, as if they are about to fall over.
a person is walkinf slow in a straight line
person is running forward at medium pace
a figure gestures as though it is digging with a shovel. the figure stops dancing around 7 second mark, and seems to place a plant or tree into the hole it has dug.
a person standing up slowly steps backwards with both their right and left foot
person is walking with arms out unsteadily
a person side steps to the front right and then swag walks to the back left.
a person is pacing in a circle
a person stands up, places hands in front of chest and down, and walks in a counterclockwise circle and sits down.
the person swings a golf club.
a person reaches forward with their left hand twice, then reach down and pick up two things with their left hand.
a person stretches with both arms out wide
the stick figure without a head shakes his right hand up and down 6 times, then moves his left hand slightly to the left, and then repeats the same thing again.
he walks forward directly then stops
a person is shaking their shoulders.
a man is doing jumping jacks.
a person is walking with both arms tucked to his body.
a person steps to their right, runs forward, and then back-peddles to their origin.
person kneels down using stool and right hand
the person is jogging in place.
the person is very sad while walking forward
a man runs to the right, turns around and runs straight. then he turns around again
the person is stretching back.
a man is doing a squat.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle
a person swings their left to the right and then their right leg to the left.
a person is walking narrowly as if on a beam.
a person walks forward and then steps in place.
a man walks counterclockwise in a circle
a person leans forward while holding their right hand out in front of them
the body walks forward then slouches slightly to the left.
a man walks forward and then jerks suddenly towards the right then continues to walk forward.
a person raises their right hand slightly then sets it back down.
the person is running around.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides brings his arms together at shoulder height and points his hands to his left, then returns his arms to his sides.
person is walking in a circle
a person rubs their hands in front of their chest and then lowers them
a figure uses a rail or bannister to support itself as it climbs up stairs
a person walks forwards, leaning on something with their right hand.
a person walks while stepping up and taking big steps, trying to step over something
the person is dancing the waltz.
the man raises his right hand twice.
a person kneels down as they hold on to something with their right hand, then gets back up.
a person is running rapidly.
the person kicks something with their right foot.
a person checks watch on right wrist.
a man steps up and then turns around and steps down.
a man walks slightly hunched over with his shoulders up towards his ears and hands in front of him while taking large, awkward steps.
a person walks in a diagonal to the left then turns his back on the viewer.
a man faces the camera before dipping down and jumping straight up, turning counterclockwise in the air and landing facing the opposite direction.
a person kicks ball with outside of foot.
a person takes two quick steps backward.
the person is getting ready to throw some thing with his left hand.
the man walk and turn like a haf sercle and stops.
a stick figure does punching  moves starting with left arm.
a person walks in a 's' shape with their hands in front of their face.
someone walks forward and to the left, then stands looking straight ahead.
he lifts dumbblell with two hands
a person bows head deeply.
a man is crossing his arms in front of him and then swings them side to side and then up and down.
person is walking backward slowly.
a person moving hand clockwise and counterclockwise.
a person walks down something while holding something with their left hand.
a person puts their hand to their neck and drops it and does this three times.
the man uses both hands to lift the dumbbells
a person stands around and then throws something.
a man is playing golf.
person stands and raises right leg, then proceeds to kick into the air towards the right. person then pivots their torso tot he right, raising their left leg and kicking to the right. then comes back to stand center
a person is turning to the right side
a person reaches their left arm forward.
a person is dancing the waltz, going in a clockwise direction with the right arm out.
a person dances while holding his left arm up, then stops and lowers said arm so left hand is paused at waist level.
a person walks side to side and turns to walk back.
a person walks forward, then takes one big step to avoid an obstacle, and continues to walk forward.
figure scratches their head with their left hand
person rotates arm to centre and moves up and down to put an item of clothing on
a person kicked with left leg
a person crosses his arms in an x-shape out in front of him and then quickly swings them to the side, brushes off is left leg with his left hand, and then raises his left hand as if to wave.
a figure is laying on the ground then rolls into a sit, then into being on all fours, then to standing
a person is jabbing with their right arm.
a person does a squat.
a figure marches to their own drum
a person takes a couple steps forward, pauses, turns and jogs to the right, then jogs to the left, then jogs back to where he started
a person walks forward and up some stairs in a straight line.
a person performing two t poses
a person slowly walks forward
as a person is walking forward, he bends down to squat and touch the ground.
a person balancing on their left leg pivots their right leg around the knee joint in each direction
a person walks forward, gets pushed by someone, and he stumbles back.
a person stumbles awkwardly in a counter clockwise cricle then stumbles in a semi circle and walks foreward a few steps.
a person is spinning and a circle and then kicks his red foot.
a person leans slightly to their right using their right arm. person begins to walk diagonally towards the lower right area of the screen.
the man is moving his body to the left
a person lightly crouches and walks backwards, turning once then goes to the right making the same movements.
the person whoโs drying the front of their body.
the person does an underhand throw
a person walks forward in a straight line. the person goes at a normal pace.
a person walks to the left in a u shaped curve then returns.
person i think is moving or petting something.
a man walks forward and turns on his right leg than walks in the opposite direction.
man reach up with left hand threw arm outwardly and drew back.
the person is stopping with their left foot.
moves arms upwards and then downwards three times. appears to almost be faking that they can fly
a person jumps from ground and then squats, then does another jumping squat.
a person tip-toes while balancing to a destination in front of them and then makes a small jump at the end.
a person walks slowly and slightly to the left.
a person lifts both arms out to their side and runs forward in a figure 8 pattern.
a man winds his arm up and throws something.
man stands straight up with hands to his sides, bends slightly at the knees and hops two times and then bends further down and jumps up in the air; he repeats this once more.
the toon bends down to pick something up before stepping backward slightly.
a person walks forward, picks up something from about waist high with his right hand, moves it to his right, and then walks backward a few steps.
a person takes one step forward, jumps into the air giving their left leg out; after landing they take another step forward, make a swift counter counterclockwise turn before taking a last step forward stopping to pose with the left arm extended perpendicular to the left of the body and the right hand held near the front of the lower torso.
person clasps both hands together then waves arms to side then goes down on left knee bent over ties something on feet then gets up
person walks forward very slowly
a person stands in place and switches from right foot to left foot for a frw seconds and then stops.
a person bends over to pick something up.
he walks forward while turning to his left.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person performs a left side kick.
a person balancing and walking with his hand up .
a person breakdances by doing a head turn.
the person is walking forward and stepped over a gap.
the person had his arms out straight and put them down.
a person steps up and sticks their arm out straight
a person is jogging in place.
a man takes one step side to side.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle, while holding his left hand up at eye level
the person is greeting  hello with his right hand.
this person sits crossed leg on the floor then stands up.
someone kicking the leg out
a person slowly runs in place.
a person holds his arms out to the sides at shoulder level and his hands up to head level, and repeatedly raises his hands above his head and back to starting position.
a person walks forward and down a hill.
the stick figure is in a squat postition dancing.
a person walks forward a few steps
a man walks in a curved line.
a stick figure jumps side ways.
the person is drying off the left arm.
the person has both of his hands up in place
man bows down to the left.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
the person is holding a golf club and doing a golf swing.
a seated person raises their arms out to the sides
the person waves with their left hand
a person lifts up left arm to shoulder height then puts it back down
happily stepping back and forth the walking to make a flip.
a person is walking to the side back and forth by crossing their legs horizontally.
a person walks in an arc to the right.
someone throwing or sporting also moving
a person walks in a zig-zag pattern.
a person raises their hands to their mouth as if shouting.
a person with their arms raised throws both arms carelessly up in the air
a man ducks down while running toward the camera, all fours briefly hit the ground as he continues to move toward the camera and then starts to turn to his left.
a person takes large, hopping, steps sideways from right to left.
a person walks backwards at a moderate pace.
a person jobs forward in a straight line.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person crosses their arms and then puts them down to their sides.
the man street his body .
person is lifting something up.
a person reaches overhead with their right hand and gestures in a throwing motion.
a man does several jumping jacks.
man stands still before walking backwards
a person, that is standing slightly bent over, sways their arms side to side with their shoulders, then using their left hand perform a slicing motion.
a person walks forward and climbs up something on the right hand side
a person walks backwards then turns their back to continue to walk before turning around and walking back the other way.
a person leaned the right hand nea to face and walked backwards
the person is holding a golf club and doing a golf swing.
a person attempts to walk, then stops, bends down to hold their leg, then shakes/kicks a possible cramp out.
a person raises their right hand slightly then place it back down.
a person walks carefully on a rope and uses their hands against a wall to find balance.
the man darts forward, waits a moment, then darts forward again.
a person slides to their left and appears to step over something, then begins jumping up and down and swinging their arms slightly as if they are jump roping.
a person uses his right hand to slowly move an object from his left side to the right.
a man lifts something up with two hands and then puts it back.
a person raises their right arm to their face pensively while shifting their weight from side to side.
a figure walks counter counterclockwise.
a person walks backwards, in a straight line.
a person takes one step forward, then uses their left hand to salute two times.
a person holds their arms up and rotates at the waist
a man lifts his hands up in front his face and turns to his right, and then his left, and puts his hands back down.
a person takes off their t-shirt with one arm.
the person got down on one bended knee.
a man shifts from foot to foot then reaches upward with his right two times in different directions each time.
the person paces while walking on all fours
someone trying to throw something
a person begins with arms outstretched at shoulder height, then crosses the arms in front of the body, drops them, then crosses them again.
person runs backwards performing an a like pattern
a person is walking and then pivots, and turns in the other direction.
a person turns to his left to pick up a telephone, hangs it up, and then turns back to his right.
a man walks in a circle.
the person is drying something. then they walk over and pick something up.
a person is catching something and then throwing it back with his left hand.
stand and through some thing on the hands.
a person waves with their right hand.
wake on the floor and create a some drew.
a person squats and gets up. then repeats it.
person reached down to pick something from the floor infront of them
a person dancing around while swinging both arms.
raise both hands sideways, put them down, leaning towards left a bit and then raising both hands sideways again.
a person steps back and sits down, then stands back up again and walks forward
the person is crouched down and raises their left hand
a person walks backwards two paces, then walks forwards and hits their right foot on something. they then turn round and check what this wss.
the person is squatting with his legs.
person is adjuting something on top shelf
a person walks in a tight clockwise circle.
a person puts their left hand up to their face, lowers it, then raises their right hand up to their face twice
man jumps quickly to the left side
a person waving both of their hands.
person stoops down then creeps forward and walks backward to where they started.
the person is doing a t-pose
person walks with arms out on the sides and wobbles
a person raises their hands above their shoulders while bouncing on their toes then stops bouncing and returns their arms to their sides.
a person raises both arms to his face, then drops them back to his sides.
a person does chicken wings
a person walks forward dragging his right leg behind him.
a person walks to their right then walks to their left and then turns again to end up where they started.
the person slides to their right 3 times, slides to their left 4 times, and slides to their left 2 times, ending at their original position.
person has shoulders slumped and is bent at the waist
a person picks up a cloth with his right hand, turns on a faucet with his left hand, and then washes something using his right hand.
a person raises their arms wide above their head.
a person is in a seated position, raising their arms to to their sides so they are parallel to their shoulders.
a person steps back at an angle with the left side back the farthest, both hands slightly raised, then slightly bent over, shuffles several times at an angle with the left foot moving first, transversing the space, coming to a stop, facing the same way they started.
person starts running very quickly while swinging arms right and left in front of him in a very fast, violent manner, then speeding up before stopping.
the man raises his hands to block his face.
a man claps his hands then walks three steps forward and sits down
the person was walking and turned left around to go the other direction.
a person holds their right arm out on something to support them while sticking their right leg up to balance.
a person bends their right leg up at the knee and catches it with their right hand, stretches, then lets it go.
a person grabbed something and put it somewhere
a person jumps in the air.
someone slowly lowers their arms, then gestures as though they are swimming.
a person takes half a step forward and lifts both arms in a defensive stance, and then returns to a regular standing position.
a person walks forward and climbs down someithing while balancing with his right hand
a person walks slowly forward.
the sim walks down the plane.
a person lifts up their right wrist, looks at the top of their wrist, and puts their arm back to their side.
this man is hopping side to side with their feet. both arms are moving to help woth the force
a person is walking counterclockwise.
a person who seems to be on the phone
a person leans to the left in athletic position.
a person is standing still before walking diagonally.
a person walks forward slowly looking like they are holding a handdail.
moving forward slowly while bending down.
the man jogs forwards and then slows down to a walk as he makes a counterclockwise half circle back the way he came.
person lifts both arms shoulder height once leading with left arm has a break then repeats once more
man sits down and cross-legged fashion and then stands up again.
a person steps forward and then starts to dance.
a man walks forward and then turns around before stopping.
a person lifts and bends their right leg/knee, then sweeps the leg in a clockwise motion back to the starting position, then repeats that process once more.
a person steps back and starts sitting down before changing their mind and jumping up
a person raises their right hand above their head.
a person is walking down the stairs.
a man starts by creating a round motion before rocking back and forth with a baby for several motions, he then changes his position to begin the next verse
a person walks forward then upwards.
a person stretches his left arm out and puts it back  down.
a person dances the salsa
a person throws an object with his left hand.
a person catches an object with both hands.
a person hops left and right in a stationary position.
a figure stands still for awhile then walks slowly forward, jumping once like they're getting ready to race
a person  threw some thing with his left hand.
a person walks using both legs, but kicks the ground with their right leg on each step with the right leg
the person is walking and turned left
a person is walking forward on a downhill slope at a moderate pace, and takes a large step with their right foot as if they are stepping over something, and then continues walking until a stop
a figure walks forward slowly.
the figure is continously walking while his arms are swinging in rhythm with the opposite leg
a person walking with the help of hand rails
a person leans on an object to his right side and jumps off it.
the person walk to the right and sat down.
a person is sneaking forward
moves around then crouches down
with arms raised the upper torso bends to the left, center, to the right, center, then bends to the back and then bends all the way forward until hands touch the ground, rises back to standing
person walks back and forwards following a u shape pattern
the person raises their left arm and brings their hand to their face.
a person is walking in a steady forward motion.
a person squats then stands back up.
a person lifts something up and tips it over.
a person is lunging forward.
person walks backwards up the stair case.
a person is sitting down and moves his left arm around.
a person swiftly moves to the left then moves to the right
person has both hands together i. front of him. he lifts his right hand to his face.
a person raises their left arm above their head, while their right arm is slightly elevated.
a person stands in 3rd, lifts their back right leg, and then runs and does a ballet jump to the back.
walking backwards and then stopping.
a person reaches down and lifts a heavy object with both arms.
the figure walks straight then right and looks around and then back to the starting position.
a person is waving with their right hand.
a person raised both hands, and shake them fastly
person has hands above head in a scratching motion
the person is walking then stops and walks again
a person is walking around the room.
a person performs four jumping jacks.
the person was dancing around in a boxing stance.
user is bouncing with feet on ground and pushes hands out slightly
a person squats down then jumps
a person walks up steps while holding something with their right hand for balance.
a person moves both hands in opposing circles.
a person doing 3 jumping jacks.
a person steps to their right and sits down.
person has both hands in the air elbows bent then raises and lowers a few times
the person was walking and stepping  over something.
person swings arms back and forth, and then starts flapping arms like a bird.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise motion stopping before completing a full circle.
a person who has his hands down by his sides steadily takes six steps forward.
a person briskly runs down steps and then jumps up with both feet.
the person is walking and turn left.
both hands on the inside of the thighs as the right hand lifts up in the air and back down to the thigh.
a person creeps forward with their knees and arms slightly bent.
the person is holding his right arm up.
a person is wrinkling a paper in their hands and moving their feet from side to side
a person puts both hands to his thighs.
a man walks hesitantly from the left then to the right in a side shuffle.
a person throws something with their right arm.
a person crawls around like a monkey then stands back up.
a person walks so spirited to the left and stands.
a person stands with their right foot in front of their left and wobbles to their left to maintain balance
a person jumps around as if they are dancing in a club.
the person is picking up and moving something.
raises hand to head, then shifts body a bit. person appears to be slightly uncomfortable
a person takes a steady step to the left side
the figure is kneeling with their legs apart and arms spread for balance as they get up and use their left hand as a balance on the floor to do so.
walking forward with hands covering face.
a person leans forward and uses sweeping motion, sweeping from person's right to left
a person performing jumping jacks/ star jumps
a person is dancing the waltz.
person looks to be reaching for something above that they cannot see
a person walks backwards down stairs swinging arms back and forth to the side.
a person standing on their left foot lifts their right leg and moves it around as they balance
raising and lowering hand above head.
a person is jumping up and down.
the person is running ahead.
the girl skips slowly down the hall towards the kitchen.
a man walks forward, then turns around and walks back before facing back and standing still.
a person plays the air drums while standing, starting with the center drums, moving to the right and then all the way back to the left.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms
a person waves with their left hand
walking forward and then stopping.
someone sprints forward quickly before skidding to a halt.
a person walks straight then walks in a diagonal line to the right.
walking in a diagonal line.
person arched their back twice and the wiped his chin using right shoulder
a man steps back with his arms raised, then lowers them and steps forward.
someone is planning violin with their right hand
a person is pushed forward while standing.
a man walks forward, opens a door, then steps back.
a person appears to be dancing.
a person raised both hands, and shake them fastly
a person step slides from the left to the right.
the person squats down and picks something up off of the ground.
a side person side-steps to the left, then side-steps to the right.
a person reaches forward with his left hand and reaches backward with his right hand, jabs forward and back twice and then switches arm positions and does two more jabs.
a person standing still for three seconds then steps out with left leg followed by the right leg.
a person walks forward and their leg spasms.
a man stands on the ground,moves his hands by crossing  them and then steps backwards and raises up both hands.
a man is standing and holds his right hand out to receive or offer something.
a person walks forward and steps forward on their left foot, reaching their right arm out before returning to regular.
person is walking back and forth
a person stands up from a kneeling position using their left arm as support as they stand.
a person drops their arms from shoulder height, claps their hands once, steps forward and to the left and sits down.
a person balances on their right foot while kicking in multiple directions with their left foot.
a person walks clockwise from the 3 o'clock position to the 11 o'clock position.
a person does a cartwheel
the person is walking forwards.
a person quickly shuffles to the right before pausing, then quickly shuffles forward towards their left.
a person walking strait with its legs in front of the other like a feminine walk and arms on its side swinging to it's movement
the person put down a box and continue to walk.
a person crosses their arms.
stepping sideways up to the left and back down to the right.
walking forward in a line.
a person steps forward with their right foot, then walks backwards and to the right and steps back with their left foot, then repeats the motion.
a man puts his left arm out in front of him then brings it back down repeats with right hand then brings left arm out to his left side.
a person back up one step with both arms at their side
a person balances on his left foot with arms outstretched. he swings his right foot from the side to the front of his body.
a person releases their right arm while keeping their left arm extended
the person pull the book from the shelf.
a person throws something with their left hand and stumbles slightly.
walking forward and then back.
a person holding a fighting pose takes an uppercut swing with his left hand.
a person walks forward in a straight line over an object
a person casually walks forward.
a person walks in a right diagonal then stops with hands slightly raised.
the man walks counterclockwise looking for something.
a man crosses his arms and then lowers them.
a person walks forward while swinging both arms. the person turns around and walks backwards.
the person is doing a leg stretches.
person rotates arm to centre and moves up and down to put an item of clothing on
the person is jogging back and forth.
the man walks forward, stumbles and the jumps backwards.
the person is jogging.
a person is moving and walking while dangling his arms in front of him and then backward too.
a person places something on their right arm and walks around placing their right hand on the item.
a figure makes the motion of either digging with hands or swimming but seems to be standing upleft
a man walks to his left.
a person steps backwards and then to the side before walking forward
a man steps forward with his left leg, bends down, walks backwards, moves forward, crosses left leg over right leg.
a person walks downs stairs, turns right, walks forward, then turns right and walks down stairs
a person is standing upright, while walking slowly forward and slightly to their left.
a person throws its right arm up into the air. while shifting much of their bodyweight to their left leg, the person perform a counter-clockwise circular motion with their lifted arm.
the man exercises both arms by bending them repeatedly.
a person takes a step forward with their right leg, then steps further with their left leg causing them to lean back, easing them into a sitting position.
a person moving something from left to right and coming back to pick up another.
a person has their left hand on their hip, and their right arm extended. they bend at the waist, imitating a teapot being poured.
person pick something up and tilted it to the right.
person is playing the violin
the figure makes a half turn to the right, pauses, and makes another half turn to the right to come back to where it started.
a man grabs an object with both of his hands and brings it to his head.
the person is coaching basketball signals.
throw toss pass to heavy hamada
a person puts their hands together, leans forwards slightly then swings the arms from right to left
a person walks in a small circle, then starts to take a step backwards.
a person catches a ball with both hands and then throws it with his left hand.
the man takes steps backwards then does a backflip
a person uses their right hand to swat at the air and then lifts their left hand to their face.
a person runs diagonally across a room with their arms swinging hands down.
this person is doing jumping jacks.
a person waves with their right hand twice and waves a big wave with both in the end
a person answers the phone with the left hand.
a man steps backward, sits down in a chair and then stands back up again.
a person throws something with their right hand and stumbles slightly.
dusting something off the right side of the body
a person takes a step forward and to his right.
figure moves hands the times in midsection of figure,
a person throws something with their left hand then kicks with their left foot before catching the object with both hands
person crouches down from moving from left to right in a stalking manor
a person begins walking forward, then they kick and keep walking forward, and then they walk backwards
pwesaon ia moving pr picking something up tall or long.
a man walking in a counter-clockwise direction and returning to his original position.
a person folds their arms across their chest.
a person walks forward at a relatively slow pace.
a person walks forwards stops then turns away and walks back
the person is dancing by moving both his hands around
bending up and down stretching.
the person is lifting the dumbbell with his right arm.
a person shields themselves with their right arm.
the person lifts their right hand to their face in a drinking motion
a person turns around, jogs forward, then turns and starts jogging again.
someone kick twice doing karate
a man lifts something with his hands, and then places it back.
a person walking forwards gingerly steps over an object in their path.
a person side steps to the left for a few steps.
person is acting like a human monkey.
a person hops forward on only their left foot.
a person raises their arms down and then up.
a man repeatedly uses his right arm to reach for something slightly in front of him, back again, then looks to be stirring something.
a person walks in place
a person walked on a slanted line to the left.
the person is doing arm and squat exercises.
a person walks forward at a good pace.
walking forward and then back.
a person throws a left hook
a person walks up and picks something off the floor then sets it on a table and walks back to beginning position.
a man walks backwards slowly
a person glides in circles in a clockwise.
a person waves with their right hand
a person clasps their arms after shifting temporarily to the left.
a person walks forward and then up stairs
person kicks a ball forward
the person is running crazily down the hill.
a person slowly moves arms and steps as in dancing.
the person is doing a punch karate kick.
someone swings their arms in up and outward rotation, then bends over at the waist and swings arms first across their chest then up past their sides 3 times, then stands up straight, then turns to their right and walks away.
a person holds both arms out and raises them straight up and down repeatedly, turns their body slightly to the right, then back to center while still lifting and lowering their arms.
a person examining something, considering picking it up before changing their mind.
a person walks forward at a fast pace
left hand is straight out to the side as the left calf goes forward, inside, and outside.
a person walks in a full counterclockwise circle.
a person takes 4 steps forward and then stops.
a person kneels down firstly on his right, then his left.
he walks forward while turning to his right.
a person is waving with both hands.
a person slowly walked backwards
a person picks something up right then puts it down left.
a man walks forward, puts his right hand back and then throws something, he walks backwards and then raises his right arm up
feet apart, a person jumps in place three times using their arms to balance.
a man kicks his left foot up and does the same thing with his heel
a person takes 3 steps backwards
the person swings their right arm in a circular motion at the shoulder forward for four circles and then backwards for four circles.
the toon has both arms raised at an angle above their head, as to be in the squatting motion for exercise.
a man leans to the right, slightly lifting up his left foot.
a man moves his right arm around in front of him.
a person paces from left to right and then back to their origin.
a person is collecting an item from its right then petting an animal on the left
person is dancing or shaking leg.
person slightly pushed forward and takes two steps forward.
a person makes punching motions with their arms and makes quick steps with their feet.
the person is wiping something with their left hand, and after, they walk backwards.
he steps forward with his left foot takes a dart from his left hand, makes overhand moves before throwing the dart then repeats
person jogs from left to right and then back to where they started
a person walks forward with their right leg limping.
a person makes several hand gestures and appears to move objects around.
a person jumps and spins 180 degrees.
a person takes five delicate steps backward.
turning body from side to side.
a person turns to their left, walks forward, turns left again and walks back, then turns left again and walks back to the start position.
a person gracefully dances forward, moving their arms and swinging their legs, then turns in a half circle.
a person walks briskly in an 's' shape around the floor.
person is doing something with his right hand in front of his face.
the man walks forward then back
person backed up to throw a ball.
the person is crouch down looking left to right.
the person is being pulled by his arm but is resisting.
person was walking forward for steps.
a person walking to the left and then to the right and then to the middle
a person throws an object with their right hand.
a man turns to his left, walks forward, reaches out for something with his right hand, turns around counterclockwise, walks back, and then turns once again counterclockwise and walks.
a person is stepping their foot up
a person walks forward and stumbles to their left a bit, then the person turns around and walks forward and stumbles to the right a bit.
robot walking forward slowly and then stopped.
person is walking like in a cat-walk back and forth
a person walks forward, turns 180โฐ to his right to sit, then gets up and returns to his starting position.
takes a few steps forward then the body is jerked to the right side a step and back.
a person does a throwing motion with his right arm
the person is swaying back-and-forth.
both arms raised to the epole, fly
a man jumps low then jumps high then waves his arms in an arc around his body.
a person sways to the right and then to their left.
a person sits down, takes a drink, puts the drink back down and gets back up
person takes a one step kick with their right foot
a man is singing loudly while walking forward.
a person claps with his hands at should level.
a person waves their hands to get someone's attention
a person is dancing around ballet style on their tip-toes and waving their arms accordingly.
running in place quickly.
the person is jumping up and down in exitement.
a man is moving both arms up and down to a beat.
a person is standing still, then raises their arms.
a person walking and then leaning over for something
a person walks forward and makes a right turn.
a person beginning to run in a straight line.
bending forward twice while standing.
the man moves in a triangle trying to scare people.
a person grasps something with both hands at the chest. then motions forward with one hand. they bring hands back down then again to the chest
a man takes three steps forward and then takes two steps backwards. he then walks forward again, taking four steps.
the person was standing on one leg posing.
a person is walking on an upward slope.
the person is posing on one leg
a person makes some small motions with both hands, then brings their right arm to their left should twice.
a person slowly paces back and forth.
a man is crying and holding his face
jumping up and down.
a person leans left while adjusting something then step around to their right to touch something woth their right hand.
this person crawls on the floor then stands and faces right.
a person walks backwards two paces, then walks forwards and hits their left foot on something. they then turn round and check what this wss.
a person crouches down to crawl four steps forward and to his left, then turns around and crawls back to where he started before standing up.
person opens drawer, takes something out, and then puts it back
a man walks forward with his hands down stiffly at his sides.
a man squats in the ground and clasps his hands, then stands up and squats on the ground again.
a person with their hands together walks backwards and sits down and then stands back up again and moves forwarda person with their hands together walks backwards and sits down and then stands back up again and moves forward
a person takes two steps forward and stops.
a person raises their right hand above their head then places them back down.
a person appears to be writing something on a wall.
someone nervously pacing around in a circle
a person sitting down throws something with their right hand, then gets up and continues to throw something with their right hand.
a person picks something up then places it on their head and walks forwards.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person pushing something with his left shoulder while stepping forward.
a person goes and sits down
a person gets down on their hands and knees and moves around.
he mopes everything around him
a person waling forward and backward and shaking his right hand .
shake the both the hands.
a person stumbles backward and twists to the left and then stumbles backward and twists to the left.
a person lunges forward and jumps off of their right foot into the air, and then stays suspended in the air
a person walking rolling both arms counterclockwise to warm up shoulders
a man lifts his left hand to his head and then puts his arm back down.
a man walks forward and then comes to a stop.
a man walks forward with his arms loosely at his sides.
a man picks up cup and pours it into his mouth
the person did a kick spin to the right
a person stretches their back, moving left, right, forward and back.
peron moves forward with arms shoulder height then fully turns arms to the back and moves further forward then turns to side and moves back quickly
a standing person seems to be shoved from behind, then regains their balance after a quick stumble.
a person walks down an incline, using handrails on both sides.
a person slowly walked forward and grabbed something with hands
a man walks forward, picks an object up with his left hand, brings it to his face then puts it back down.
a person is running from side to side, doing a suicide drill motion - striding back to their starting position at the end.
the person walked forward to the right and then turn around and jogged back to the right.
a person waddles side to side like a penguin.
a person hand their right hand bent above their left hand
a person slides to their right, dances for a bit, and then does a michael jackson move.
a man is startled and looks over his shoulder.
a person checks time from his watch raising his wrist and left hand up
spinning in a circle in the air.
a person sits on a ledge
the person jogs in place then jogs around.
a stick figure jumps side ways.
the person balances on their left toe, then switches to the right and spins in a circle
a person folds their arms
a person moves both their arms to the side, and then raises their right arm
a person walks down and up in a figure 8 pattern.
a person is waving his left arm.
a person lofts their right hand to their face.
a man steps forward and then raises his arms in up.
person clasps both hands together then waves arms to side then goes down on right knee bent over ties something on feet then gets up
a standing man takes a seated position with both hands rested on his knees.
he starts digging a hole
a person lifts his left hand to his face.
a person who is walking backwards
a person hops in place and then walks forward.
a person raises both arms to the side into a "t-pose" and walks forward.
the man steps backwards as if afraid of someone.
a person steps forward and to the side, then stands still.
the person had his arms straight out then down on his lap then he put them straight out again.
the person runs, jumps over something, and continues to run.
the person is walking in a circle clockwise.
moving arms above head.
a person walks forward two steps, then pivots on his left foot and does a half turn, and takes two steps, ending up in the same spot he started in.
a person runs forward and stops short.
a person lifts their left wrist towards their face as if to look at a watch
a person walks forward then climbs up something.
a person moves upper body slightly to the right while raising a bent arm.
person does 4 kicks, two forward and two going back.
the person watch forward and is leaning over some thing.
person appears to unscrew something with right hand while holding it with left hand.
the sim is doing a range of motion exercise from their wrist to their shoulders on both their left & right sides.
a person has his hands at his sides, then raises his right hand to shoulder height, followed by his left.
a person walks straight and turns to the left
a man walks straight down
the person is doing a t-pose
a person stands up while raising their arms.
a person walks in a circle
the man walked forward 3 steps.
a person stands with their arms stretched out then sits down.
a person standing and stretching his arms forward and side ways.
someone walking backwards in a strait line
a person broadly gestures in a sweeping motion with their right arm.
a person throws an object with their red hand while taking a step back with their red leg for extra momentum
a man takes a few steps forward, then loses his balance and falls back a step, before resuming his walk.
a man throws an object with his right hand while lifting his right leg off the ground.
a person quickly walks across a room in an s shaped pattern.
person is performing shoulder lifting exercise
a person steps forward and then jumps up.
a person turns to his left, sits in a chair facing away, and then he walks away diagonally and sits in another chair facing forward.
this person is walking in circles then moves across room to step around an object.
a person walks forward and bends down and grabs his left knee in pain. he attempts to straighten up and walk forward and then bends down to grab his knee again. he then walks backward to his left.
person walked forwards and backwards very slowly.
a person walks in a straight diagonal line then makes a sharp turnaround at both ends of the line.
a person bends down as if pushed.
a person raises their right hand then sets it back down.
a person jumps in place with very little arm movement, and ends in a standing position.
a person raised the hands and start jumps
a person who has his hands by his sides steps forward, then rushes a few steps, recovers, takes more steps and stops.
the person raised his arms out to the side of them put them down in front of him.
a man jogs back and forth in an arc
a person walks backwards down steps.
a man brings his hands down to his sides and then points in front of him with his left hand.
a person moves their left hand in large circles in front of them, and then does the same with their right
perseon starts standing then sqauts toward ground and jumps high, repeated twice.
a man hitting against a surface and then picking something up
walking forward, turning around and walking back
the person is in a fighting stance, then hops backwards and lowers their hands, trying to dodge something
a person does four jumping jacks.
person uses right hand to wave. appears to be friendly and communicative
a person takes a few steps forward, then bends over grabbing their right leg with their left hand, and then steps backwards.
a person runs backwards for a consistent timeframe, moving his arms in a consistent motion as well
a figure walks forward to the left then turns back and seems to place something on a shelf
a person walks forward but slowly curves towards the right as they are walking and then stops.
a person makes the signals for traveling, double-dribble, palming, and something else i don't recognize.
a person swinging each arm above their head, while stepping each leg out to a beat.
the man is moving his hands
a person is pushed by their right arm while walking forward.
this person walks forward and wipes a surface.
a person grabs something with both their hands then places it to the left
person starts with arms stretched at side and moves backwards to sit down.
person stands in a fighting position and moves feet back and fourth little at  a time
move forward with right leg and then throw forward with both arms after moving back and putting right leg forward again and then throwing afterwards moving back.
a person kicks with his right leg.
a person stands up on their toes and then walks forward.
a person walking forward.
a person throws a ball with his left arm, then catches a ball with both arms up by his left shoulder.
a person raises and lowers their arms mimicking bird wings
figure appears to be saying no with a hand gesture
a person who seems to do articulations for i'm a little teapot nursery rhyme
a person takes two large steps forward while putting their hands out straight then lowering them to the side.
the person is doing a punch karate kick.
a man is punching something several times with both his hands.
a person waves his arm and then turns around.
a person bends forward with their right hand to their face.
person is throwing and catching a football.
person is walking back and around and throwing something.
person walks five steps backwards
a person picks up an object by bending down, then moves it to the left and places it back down.
person walks in veering motion to their left
a man stands on the ground and turns right and then to the  left repeatedly.
moving hands in a circular motion.
a person shakes their left knee.
someone sees something on the ground the they move slowly away from
a person walks turning to the left.
a person makes a big motion with their left arm
a person walks over multiple objects in a straight line.
the person is walking forward.
a person takes a big step to the left and then crossing his feet and continues walking to the left
a person steps backwards quickly, shakes their hands out by their side, then walks forward.
a person walking forward five steps starting with the right foot and a slight sway of the shoulders as they walk.
the man does curls with his left hand then sets the weight down.
arms flap open and close to the sides of the body.
a person walks forward and whisks eggs.
a person walks forward dragging his left leg behind him.
a person raised the hands and sit on something
a person hops up and down.
the person is walking upstairs.
takes a few steps forward and one step back and then more ateps forward
a person opens and drinks from a container.
a person walking forward, swing their right arm upwards.
a person lifts a weight with the right hand.
a man walks forward turns around clockwise and walks back.
the person is getting a shower and washing his right arm.
a person punches several times before pushing something to their right.
the person waddles low to the ground and then stands up and walks back.
person slides to the left.
a person walks with a slightly angled direction, and smooth hip motion.
the person is throwing with both hands.
a person is picking up a brush and then brushing his pet.
a person walks around in circles.
the person was lifting dumbbells with both arms.
a person spinned the handsa and bend on the knee and hit something
person walks forward slowly without swinging arms.
the person turns to their right and begins walking up what seem to be 3 stair steps. after the third step the person turns around and takes one step back down.
a person jogs at a consistently moderate pace, with the left arm working in tandem with the right leg, and vice versa.
a person sitting down at first then proceeds to get up and walk to their left and stands still with their arms out in a t position
a person steps backwards with their right foot and stretches.
the person is making a call and then putting the phone back.
a person walks forward and trips on something.
a man stretching back and forth side to side
a person is walking in a circle anticlockwise
a person does two side kicks, one back kick and two round kicks with the right leg.
a person dancing by moving his hands and feet .
a person takes a big step to the side.
the person as walking fairly slowly.
a person walks in a twisting path to the left and then to the right.
a standing person performs a cartwheel starting with their left hand
this person walks slowly around to the left then turns and stumbles to the right.
person walks backwards, then stops, then steps forward and makes a throwing motion with left arm.
a person slides forward & backward in a zigzag motion.
a person walks left, then right, then left again, facing perpendicular to their walking dorection and crossing over their feet with each stride.
the person steps to the left and looks down. they step forward on their right leg and cross their legs. they sit down cross legged and get up with their hands.
person is walking in a circle moving his arms.
the man stands still and moves his left hand
a person throws an uppercut from the right arm.
a person is walking forward on a downhill slope at a moderate pace, and takes a large step with their left foot as if they are stepping over something, and then continues walking until a stop
a person slowly walking backwards.
the person starts throwing something across
a man jumps up in the air and lands in the same place.
a man continuously moves his hands forward and backwards.
a person is punching the air with his right and left hand.
a person is shaking greatly while moving awkwardly and staring at their hand.
a person doing a casual walk diagonally and turns around counterclockwise
a man sidesteps to the right while crossing one foot over the other and then sidesteps to the left.
person moves forward and sits in chair briefly before standing back up and walking away
a person puts their arms above their head and stretches
a stick figure person raises both palms up and rotates them in opposite directions quickly while shaking his hands back and forth, all while wiggling the hips a bit.
a man picks up an object on the right side and place it on the left side.
the man plays right handed violin.
a peron walks forward before coming to a stop
starting with their left foot a person walks quickly forward.
the man is sloping down
a person swings their left hand forward then swipes with it.
a person appears to be moving something with both hands.
the person takes a small step to the side, they then take a step back, pivots and turns like a dance, takes a step forward, then pivots and turns like a dance to step backwards, then pivots and and turns like a dance to take a step forward, then pivots and turns to take a step backwards. all while taking these steps, the arms are in a neutral position.
person is lifting dumbells both hands
a person walks forward two steps, then pivots on his right foot and does a half turn, and takes two steps, ending up in the same spot he started in.
the man is doing step over gap
a person is walking around and falling over slightly
this person suffles his feet right and left in a circle.
moving hands and then sitting.
the figure is kicking from right to left
a person jogging making two complete circles.
a person throws his arm over his head as if throwing something then bends down a catches something on the ground
a man does warm up exercises, rotating the arms and shoulders with circular motions.
person appears to jog forward.
a man walks forward slowly, then turns around.
he walks back and forth over some small obstacles.
a person stands still with their elbows up.
person lifts arms shoulder length then  jumps and goes up some steps
person is trying to be a human whale.
a man walks forward, then squats to pick something up with both hands, stands back up, and resumes walking.
a person is standing with hands in front of them and slightly moves them.
a person puts their hands on their hips while looking left then right, then the person steps
a person waves in large motion with their left hand
a person stretches his neck from side to side, and then backwards and finally to his side again.
a person is slightly squatted and they don't move
a figure gestures confidently around waist and shoulder
a person steps forward, and pours things into something in front of them.
a man turns slightly to his right, salutes with his right hand, returns to his starting position, then turns to his right and salutes again.
a person holds their left hand palm up next to their head and strums their right hand back and forth in front of their chest.
a man steps to the side and then walks around while turning.
a person does jumping jacks fast.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a man picks up an object moves it a few inches to the left then places it back down
a person is jogging in a circle clockwise
a person takes two slow steps forward, pivots on their right foot 180deg, then takes two more slow steps forward.
a person takes two steps forward then turns to the right and takes two more steps.
a person standing still and moving his right hand.
the person was making a gesture with his right hand.
a person underhand throws something with their left hand.
a person lifts their arms, rotates their shoulders up and back, then tilts their head from side to side.
a person jumps slightly up and down with feet a part and arms held outstretched to the sides, raised slightly
the person is dancing around.
a man runs in a semi circle then runs back to the original position.
the person is taking a big jump
the sim is walking, then turns right.
a person slides their left arm against their right hand, then makes small rapid motions with both hands in front of their chest.
a person walks side to side.
moves his right hand from pelvic area to head then waves.
the man stretches side to side then touches his toes.
a duo-colored stick figure walks around calmly on a square plane.
a person looking forward and then to the left and back again
throw toss pass to heavy hamada
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person tosses out a small object to a crowd
a person strafing around something
the person is walking while carrying something.
a person starts jumping jacks, then after a few seconds trips a bit and stops.
the person raises their right arm
a man blocks, and follows up with a kick.
a person moves quickly forward and kicks out front twice with his right leg, moves backward, moves forward again, kicks out to the side with his right leg twice, moves back and stands.
the person is walking down arms out.
a person who picks up something and puts it down to the right
raising hands above head and stretching.
a person jumps two times from a standstill position
a person kicks with their right leg then their left leg.
this person runs forward then stops.
the person is doing something at the counter and moving it to the right.
a person waves his arm and then turns around.
a person jumps rope.
a person moves their right leg up in a slow kick.
a person picks up their right leg.
figure briskly rotates both arms in a few circles, reverses motion and then stops
a person stands still and then catches something with both hands.
a person reaches down with their left hand then stands up and walks straight forward.
a man marches sideways towards the right with elbows bent and arms moving.
a person runs with low speed.
a person quickly walks one step forward.
a man jumps forward with his arms at his sides.
person marching forward, lifting up knees
a person uses their left arm to scratch their head.
a person crosses both left and right arms in front of their chest.
a man shrugs both shoulders.
the man runs backwards then stops.
a person is doing a salsa dance.
a right handed golfer takes a golf swing.
a person drops their hands to their sides, raise their hands t their chest, drops their hands to their sides again then raise them up to chest level roll their hands over each other.
a man turns to his right, steps forward, and begins to rotate his hips and swing his arms.
a person winds up his arm and then pitches a ball.
a person struggles to walk on a balance beam.
a person takes a large step forward.
a man begins walking, stumbles, and almost loses his balance before continuing on.
a person stands up to a prone position.
a person walking confidently.
a person raises his left hand up to chest level in front of them, while keeping their other hand slightly lower in front of them.
a person appears to swing his right foot back and forth whilst trying to balance on his left foot. he uses his arms to try and not fall.
a person walking around and then grabbing something and then grabbing something and then walking away again
a person steps out, turns towards his left and starts jumping.
a person jumps forward once.
a person picks up something with his right hand, holds it up to his face, and put his arm back down.
a person is standing. they throw with their right hand amd catch witg their left hand.
a person walks in a curve to their left, at a steady/somewhat quick pace.
a man flapping his arms.
this person sits crossed leg on the floor then stands up.
the person was turning on the faucet.
person slides to the right in a smooth motion
the person puts the groceries on the shelf
a person jumps in place with very little arm movement, and ends in a standing position.
a person grabbed something and put it somewhere
a person slowly walks forward.
someone rubs their belly with their left hand and rubs their head with their right hand at the same time.
the body bends forward clumsy and takes a step forward.
a man stays in place while hopping up and down, keeping his upper body still and bending only at the knee and ankle.
a person swinging side to side very slightly, with their hands slightly elevated.
a man swings a golf club and hits the ball
a person is sitting with both hands up.
person stands still moves forward one step on right foot and stumbles
a person stands upright and puts their hands in front of them, moving them apart a little, as if moving something apart,
a stick figure clasps botg hands and swings them foward
a man is stretching the left leg while bending to the right.
a person kicks their left foot in front of them in a dangling motion and then puts it back on the ground.
a person slowly walks in a counter-clockwise circle and begins to climb something.
a person kicks with their right leg
a man does jumping jacks.
standing still not moving.
a man raises his left arm, lowers it and rasies right arm.
person waves with left hand above head
a person stands from sitting position.
a person lowers his arms, grabs something with his right hand, passes it to his left hand and then raises his arms again.
a person is marching forward.
a person bending their legs up and down, doing squats.
a person does a high kick with their right leg.
a person throws and upper cut with his left hand.
a person picks an item up and moves it a foot to their left and places it down.
both hands on the inside of the thighs as the left hand lifts up in the air and back down to the thigh.
a man moves clockwise in a circle and then stops.
right arm extended out from body at a 90 degree angle and rotated circular both clockwise and counter clockwise
a person stretches both arms above their head.
a person raises his left arm to look at his wrist then lowers it back down
a man drops down to the floor and crawls forwards on his hands and knees with his head down, makes a half-turn clockwise and continues crawling forwards, then returns to a standing position.
man walks and turns frequently with something in his hand
person has both arms lifted to side of body shoulder length then  bring arms to side and then bring both hands together chest height
band on the floor and get down the head.
standing forward, a body turns slightly backwards to the right, reaches toward the ground with his right hand then back up to the face then back down to the ground, standing forward again.
the person walked forward reach for something and then walked backwards.
person walks forwards and sits down and scratches upper body and then gets up
a person holds their arms forward, takes a few shuffle steps to the left, in a dancing motion
this person walks slowly forward in a zig zag.
a person assesses a hurt right ankle
a person walks counterclockwise quickly in an oval shape until they returned to starting position.
person jogs up a few paces then stops
a man walks forward, toward the screen, turns to the left, then back to forward, then starts walking backward until his first position, then side steps to the left at a slight angle
the person is cleaning windows.
a person twists to their right and picks up something with their right hand to bring to their mouth.
person slides backward to take a seat, drinks something and then puts the cup back
the person steps to the side to sit in a chair and then gets up and steps back
a person reaches their right hand over their head as if looking confused.
this person with arms out to his sides lowers them and raises them again.
a man lowers his arms, then looks to his right and left, then moves his head in a circle.
the person is running forward on steppingstones.
the person is walking down stairs
the person is pacing back-and-forth.
the person is boxing with his right and left hand.
the person is getting ready to do a karate move.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person jumps up and down with their hands in the air.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle and raises their hand to their face to yawn.
a person takes three steps to the side, crossing their right leg before their left on the second step. the figure pauses, then takes three steps in the opposite direction, this time, crossing their left leg behind the right on the second step.
a person is walking forward and slightly to the left.
the person is drinking water turning around and putting something on the shelf.
a person lifts an object above head with both arms.
the person is jumping forward.
a person swinging side to side very slightly, with their hands slightly elevated.
the person jumped  2  steps  forward.
the figure does circles with his arms stops and then raises his hands parallel to the floor.
person is boxing, they throw an upper cut then defend and dodge then they throw a few right jabs
person is jumping up and down
a person is using their right hand to stack something on top of what is in their left hand
a person walks and turns to the left.
a person standing forward, and shaking the both arms, up and down.
the person runs across the room.
person stumbles around blindly going left to right finishing facing forward
a person slowly walks forward
a person walks backwards, then forwards and while going forward they are pushed towards the right and crouch.
a person moves something out of the way in a effort to advance forward.
moving arms up and down.
a person jumping and kicking in the air.
a person leans quickly backward from something
person person was walking over a balance beam.
a person picks something up with left hand, puts it down then picks it up.
a person lifts both forearms until they are horizontal. they then shake their arms and hands vigorously by rotation at the wrists.
a person break dances in circular motion on the floor
a person steps back then walks forward, stumbles, recovers and walks forward again then turns around.
the man shakes his foot as if he stepped in something then returns back to his original stance.
a person throws an uppercut with the left hand.
a person is spinning slowly in place, reaching hands out occasionally.
as a person walks, he twists his ankle, walks some more and twists the other foot.
a person side steps to the right and back to the left.
the man is sitting raises his right hand twice stand and walk to the back then raises his arms.
a person does a full golf swing.
a person is walking forward.
a person steps up on a box then steps down, turns left until they are facing the opposite direction and steps on a box and turns right then steps down.
a person takes one step to the right, then takes multiple steps to the left.
the person is crouching down.
person is walking straight ahead
a person walks forwards, sidesteps left, then backwards and to their original spot.
the person is widewalking.
a person is eating soup
a person opens and drinks from a container.
a person completes two small jumps while swaying his arms.
a person walks upstairs in a straight line.
the man is kneeling down
a person picks up a phone and holds it to their ear and then puts it down and turns away
a standing person twists at the waist, reaches back to the right with the left hand, then twists to the left, and reaches back with the right hand four times.
person is doing a squat
person is getting into a crouch position.
a person who seems to be on the phone
the body squats down then extends the left leg out and back in to jump up and down.
a person is walkinf slow in a straight line
a person crawling from left to right and vice versa
a person holds both arms out to his sides, lowers them, and then with his left arm pushes forward in front of his face several times
the person looks to be dancing with his hands
a person walks forward then turns around and takes long jumps.
person bends over backwards and walks with legs in front and hands behind and walks backwards then ends on his knees.
a person is extending both their arms forward.
the person play some thing from the left to the right
a person pauses briefly then casually walks downward in a straight line, and stands in a relaxed pose.
person catwalks while swaying hips from side to side.
person is acting like a grizzly bear.
person walks forward one step then turns around and walks over steps up then steps down
a person who is standing throws five punches in different directions with his right hand and follows that with two punches with his left hand.
a person raises and lowers their arms mimicking bird wings
a person steps back and uses arms to lower themselves into a seat, then stands back up and takes a step forward
a person paces from side to side
the person is in a fighting pose with both hands ready to strike, then does a 360 degrees, clockwise kick with their right foot.
two arms are brought down to their hips and played around with he left hand
a person picks something up in front of him and moves it to the side
moving hands side to side.
person walks forwards slowly, hands gently swinging back and forth.
a man walks forward, pressing his right arm along a wall in rhythm with his steps as walks
slamming their left hand down viciously
a person stands still and flaps their elbows mimicking a chicken, bending over at the waist.
a person  slowly ran on the place
a man is leaning forward oh, looking like he's going to throw something with his left arm, but he seems very unbalanced like he's going to fall.
the person was walking forward slowly.
a person walks forward at a medium speed.
the person was walking forward slowly.
a person raised left hand and after pull it down
a person jumped while raised the hands up
a person is drinking from a glass in their left hand
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes six deliberate steps forward and stops.
a person stands up from the ground, walks in a clockwise circle, and then sits back on the ground
a person jumps with both arms raised twice
a person is walking while swinging their arms
a person is moving is right leg and making dance steps.
a person stands up from being on their stomach.
a person raises their left arm and begins walking down the middle of a platform. as the person reaches the end  of the platform they veer to their right.
a person walking bends to the right.
he is running from left to right.
a person brushes something off of their pants.
a person reaches his right arm straight out
clapping hands near chest.
a man walks backwards keeping his legs wide apart
a person walks in a right bend direction.
a person walks to his left.
a person tilts object from left to right.
a person is standing up and then turns around, then sits back down and rests arms on something.
a person walks down stairs quickly.
a person squats down and moves their hands around at head level
a person doing jumping jacks .
a person is jogging on a treadmill
a person holds their hands to their face, then kneel down and mess with their left foot.
a person looks at their wrist.
person runs downwards in a curve while swining his arms
the person was walking forward with a low kick to the left.
anperson behaving like a dragon
a oerson faces front, swing arms to the left twice, turns to the back and swings arms to the right, turns to the front and swinfs arms to the left, as if playing tennis
a person runs forward with both arms swinging
a person raises their arm up to touch something and then gives something to someone.
a man walks forward before stopping.
a person walks across the space, then starts to walk the other direction.
a man sneezes and made a snorting motions after.
a person standing uses their left hand to touch something on their head and then lowers it.
a man scratches one hand then turns around.
the person is doing a wind up throw.
a person walks forward with hands at their sides
cautiously leaping over the blocked walkway, while carefully stepping over whatever was in the way of him being able to step up on the ledge.
a person going up the stairs.
a man seems to be holding something in his right hand and uses his left hand to run along the length of it, and does this several times.
the person waves with their left hand
a person walks side by side horizontally.
man facing forward legs bent slightly at the knees torso straight right hand lifts up and out stretches forward and back down still in the same stance looking forward be flat.
the sim raises both hands to their face.
a man is standing and crosses both feet then proceeds to sit into a criss cross position on the ground and uses the same method to stand back up using his left hand to balance.
a person casually walks downward in a straight line, then stops and stands.
the person is walking forward and stepped over a gap.
person carefully takes two steps backwards.
the person is jogging forward for a short distance.
a person jogs on the spot
a person sits down then uses right arm to push up.
a person is standing straight with their arms bowed forward, twisting their hips left and stretching their left arm in the process.
a person stands with their feet parallel to each other as they raise their left hand and reach forward to grab an object and then they lower their arm back down.
a man waves his hands then stands on his right leg while lifting his left.
man sway arms from front to back as he walk south than he turns left, bend his knees, then climb over object, tuck and roll, stands up and go back to starting point.
a person walks forward and turns around.
the man puts his left hand on top of his head.
a person walks quickly down a downward slope
taking 3 steps forward starting with left foot and then stopping
a person lifts his right hand to his face.
a person slightly raises left arm and turns to left and right practicing dancing.
the person is dancing by moving both his hands around
a person holding a rail walking upstairs then back down.
the person is pouring some thing.
looks like someone is knocking on a door and pacing around while they wait.
a man plays a violin with his left hand.
a figure throws with their right hand then catches
a man lifts his right arm up
person takes marching style steps backward then forward.
a person walks forward and rubs an object in front of them with their left hand.
walking forward and then stopping.
person walks forward with left hand extended to side, trying to feel something.
a man is picking an object up from the left side and then places it to his right side.
a person walks three steps to his left, then five steps to his right, and finally three steps to his left.
a person turns around, walks until they leap, and then turns back to walk to the origin.
a person raises their hands and claps.
a person jumps repeatedly using his arms and legs to resemble a skiing pattern.
a person walks forwards towards the camera and throws their arms up casually as if to say " oh well ".
someone stands with their hands on their upper legs spread apart, then straightens up and outstretches both arms.
person is standing in a slight squat position with hands resting on thighs.
a person uses right arm to hit down to the left and then the left arm crosses over the right side of the body.
the person standing on his left leg twisting his right leg.
a person slowly walked by side
a person walks forward, turns and walks towards his left.
a person picks up an object with both hands, takes it to his right side and then puts it back at the same place.
a person standing in place lifts and waves with his right hand.
a person walks straight forward very slowly.
the person moves backwards as if pushed by someone in front of them.
a person walks in a circle
a person kneels down.
person as walking forward on the treadmill
a person jogs forward, stops and gets into a sideways fighting stance.
a person is standing and jumps backward.
a person who is just standing in the same spot
a person stands without moving
person puts arm from side down, then grabs something
a person lunges over and gets back up.
a person is standing on their left leg, kicking  with their right leg, standing on their right leg, then kicking with their left leg before standing with both feet on the ground.
a figure jumps a few times counter-clockwise, then quickly turns clockwise with one big twisting jump, then stumbles backward upon landing.
person dances back and forth with a few leg kicks.
a person jumps up and down three times
the man leans back, throws something with his left arm, and then steps forwards.
a person hops slowly twice in a row.
a person holds hands at side, then moves right hand across body and up in front of body.
a person walks forward and places their left hand on an object, their body leaning forward and slightly to the left and their right leg lifts off the ground and extends behind them as they reach upward for an object with their right hand, then walks backward a few steps.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides leans to his right, leans back to his center, then slowly lifts both arms and hands chest high in front of his body.
a person looks at their right bicep as they flex it.
the body walks to right in a curve.
someone hunched over has their hands up near their chin and moves them around like an animal.
a person walks forward quickly and leaves a trail behind them as if they are dripping paint
a person slowly walking backwards.
a person touches their head with their left hand.
a person  lifts their hands from their knees and then puts them back.
a man begins with his feet shoulder width apart and his hands holding each other in front of his body.  he started by moving his hands to his side.  he then walks diagonally for a few steps.  he sits down on a chair and has his arms hanging by his sides.
a person throws two jabs, a right then a left jab.
a person slowly walks a circle.
a person is punching with their left hand.
a person puts his left hand to his head.
a person raises his right arm and then lowers it.
a man steps backwards on his left foot
the sim raises their left arm, before bring it back to their waste.
a person acts as if they are wiping something down with their right hand.
the first one was walking forward and stepped over some thing.
a man stands with his knees bent.
a person is pushed forward while standing.
a person is walking downhill
a person hops in place, first small hops, then a large hop and then all over again.
a person slowly walked forward
a man swing a golf club from left to right.
the person is hunched over searching for something.
a person walks in a large circle.
person runs forward and then turns around and does a cart wheel
a person squats to almost parallel then jumps to the horizontally to the left.
the person is picking up something.
a man brings his hands down to his thighs, standing with his knees bent, before extending his arms to either side and then bringing them back down to his thighs.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
person takes on step backwards
a person raises his left hand and then lowers it.
a person is jogging forward at a steady pace.
a person raises his left arm to drink something.
a person waltzes in a three step rhythm with their right arm held out in front of them.
a person walks forward shortly.
the person is walking at the medium speed.
a person takes one large step forward.
a person grabbed something with left hand and put it somewhere
a person walks forward several steps and then stumbles to the right.
a man pushes his arm overhead as though throwing something, brings his hands together, then repeats the throwing motion.
a person crouches, goes forward, jumps in reverse, and stands up
a figure walks forward to the right then turns back and seems to place something on a shelf
this person is gesturing with both hands as if he is teaching.
a man dances before running forward then running backwards
a person bows forward then returns to a prone position.
a person moving left and right briskly.
person walking with hands out in a line.
a person swings their right hand forward then swipes with it.
a person picks up an object, tilts it on its side, and then returns it to its starting position
person is walking normally forwards. pace is relatively fast
a person walks along narrow path.
a person walks up, gets down on the floor, and lays with their legs in the air.
a man walks forwards for a few seconds.
a person tip-toes while balancing to a destination in front of them and then makes a small jump at the end.
a person walks forward stumbling around going backwards and then forward again with both arms flailing to his/her side.
a person walks forward and swings arms.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle, while holding their left hand & arm up throughout the motion.
a person lifts up his right arm and wriggles it around, and he gestures to his right arm with his left hand, then he wriggles both arms side to side, lifts them up
a person walks forward and then stops.
someone moves their shoulders and waist counterclockwise
turning around and sitting in a chair.
the person is getting ready to relax.
a man lifts something on his left and places it down on his right.
a person slowly jumps backwards.
a person bends forward and picks something up on the right, then places it down on the left
a person is pacing from right to left as if there is something troubling them.
someone jumps into the air and does spinning twist in the air.
a person walks sideways to the right for a few steps and then walks sideways to the left for a further distance
the person is doing the salsa dance.
a person waves friendly with their left hand.
a person stands on one leg and grabs the opposite ankle to pull their leg back
a person walks forwards stops then turns away and walks back
a man kicks the ground behind him with his left foot, then walks backwards, then jogs before a few steps, then walks backwards again.
person moving some objects from one place to another
the person squats down and then leaps forward.
starting from the bottom right, a person walks a lazy almost full circle around the screen.
a person walks forward slowly
the person is walking around the bend to the left.
a person walks in place.
raising arms up and down.
the person is walking back-and-forth sideways.
a person bend on the knee and and was looking at something
stick figure stand perfectly still
the person is walking in a forward motion while their left and right arms are swinging in alternating direction, one goes forward while the other goes backwards.
person walks seven steps from centre back to slightly right of centre
a person turns to their left and starts walking over to an object they bend down to pick up.
the man takes 9 proud steps forward and turns around.
a headless line figure takes four steps forward, down a ramp, toward the viewer.
a person, standing still with their arms at their sides, seems to wince/twitch, then continues standing.
a person walks slowly in place without moving.
the person was doing a trial left of weights.
the person is moving hips around.
this person is jogging in place.
walking straight forward towards a goal
a person swings their shoulders while walking, then turns around and does the same thing in the other direction.
person is walking forward slowly 10 steps
a person steps forwards, turns around on their left foot and walk back.
a person walks forward with left foot, then trips and continues walking forward.
a person swings their left arm across their body in an upwards motion.
a person boxes with the left and right hands.
the person pick something up from the left and sat in on the right.
a person claps, walks forward and then sits down.
a person puts both hands up.
a person walking like a bird and then sniffing the air.
a person crouches down and prepares to sit on the ground and gets back up.
a person hops over a stick, to the right, then to the left several times.
a person moves his right hand near mouth, and then moves hand lower.
the sim appears to run & step / side jump over an object.
a figure kicks with its left foot slowly
person walked forward picked up an item and walked to the back and set the item down
a person takes four steps forward then jumps straight up.
a person jumps and, while in mid-air, makes a quarter turn to her right.
a person swings left arm in a windmill fashion; first clockwise then counter clockwise.
a person waves with both arms above their head
a person raises their left hand up to their head then places it back down.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides spreads his arms as he walks along a balance beam, then drops his arms and stops.
a person practicing jabs in a specific pattern.
a person grabs right foot with right hand, then extends the leg by its head.
a person walks while dragging his feet.
a person holds an object steady with their right arm and strums with their left arm.
a person walks forward, with left leg first
figure appears to be sneaking around
a figure claps around shoulder height
a person carefully walks towards the camera while avoiding things with their feet and holding on to something with their left hand.
the person is jogging and running in place.
a person walks forward at a slow pace.
figure gets down on hands and knees facing right and crawls 3 steps before turning around and crawling to the  left for  4 steps, backs up slightly and stands back up facing forward.
the man is standing still
a person takes a few steps forward, then turns to their right and takes a few more steps.
the stick figure streches and  crosses his arms leaning to his left.
a person warlk forward with a very possive stride.
a person is stretching their arms.
this person steps quickly, one time to the right.
this person turns right and walks to the back then turns left full circle.
a figure in the sitting position shouts with his left hand cupped
the person is working on something.
a figure walks forward in a sort of strut fashion, lightly zagging to the right then to the front
the man takes one giant step sideways to thw right.
a person walks forward, raises their left hand and sets it back down.
a person shakes out their arms and shoulders while keeping their hands at their sides.
figure appears to be yawning or breathing through a mask
the person is jumping rope.
he is limping his leg hurts
a person smacks the air with their right hand, and then throws both arms down in frustration.
person is clapping at something
she twists her trunk and thrusts her right arm up to the sky in front of her, then lowers it and returns to a relaxed pose.
a man struts forward and twirls with his arms swinging, then drunkenly walks back, spinning again with his arms flailing.
sit on the floor and through some thing.
a figure walks in a straight line leaving a pattern
a person shakes something in their left hand, takes a few steps, then sets the object down.
ther person walks forward and leans down to pick something up.
a person stands and brushes off the table with their left hand.
the man is walking backwards straight
a person claps their hands together.
a person seeming to be squatting forward pushing a heavy object in front of them.
the man is moving his right arm
a person walks forward and to the left, then stops.
a person walks forward slowly, turns all the way around counter counterclockwise and works forward again.
a man jogs briefly then stops.
the person is washing the front of some thing.
a person walks around and then crouches down with their arms forward
a figure is boxing upercuts with is left blue arm and his right red arm stays at a 90 degree angle.
a person kicks something with their right foot.
a person is playing golf
subject starts facing forward then turns 180 degrees by pivoting on his left foot and slowly moving in a clockwise rotation
a person swipes their left arm through the air.
a person bends his left arm, raises it chest high, and then returns it to his side.
a man energetically backsteps, then turns to his right and walks forward, then backsteps again, keeping a spring in his step.
a person casually walks forward and then stops dramatically.
a person waves both hands above their head.
a person is stepping around while their hands are behind their back
a man is running in place before stopping.
a seated person motions in a "come here" movement with their right arm
a person takes one large step forward and takes five small steps backward and stops.
a person walks forward slowly and comes to a stop.
the person pets the dog on its head
a person walks forward while twisting their torso side to side.
character enters the scene and starts to travel in a zig zag pattern avoiding certain terain.
putting hands on knees and staying still.
man does a roundhouse kick spinning counter-clockwise and finishes standing.
a person sits on the ground, crosses their legs, then stands back up.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes two steps forward, one step over an object and then two more steps.
a person takes a step forward with their right leg, bends down at the waist, and then picks something up from the ground with their right hand.
this person walks and stumbles to the left then back to the right.
this person has both arms extended out to his sides and moves them is small circles.
shaking the hands like dancing.
the man moves his left side of body towards right
the person steps over something then turns around.
a person standing in place boxing
a person poses with hands on hips.
the person walks forward and takes a bow
moving arms from side to side.
a man walks in a clockwise circle, but only makes it half way
a person jumped on the place and kicked with right leg
person makes washing motions with both hands on opposite upper arms.
a character takes two steps up to a beam, extends their arms to a "t" position while walking on said beam until reaching the destination.
a person shifts right and left on their feet while stretching out their arms, bending them and raising them.
a person holds their right arm bent at the elbow and bends their left arm up and down
a person with feet unmoving moves their hips slightly from right to left while moving bent arms in a circular motion.
a person moves their hands together in a horizontal figure eight in front of them.
a person claps their hands together approximately seven times.
a person makes a "fast break" motion, zig-zagging briefly from left to right then darting forward to the right.
a person is walking while swinging around his arms.
the person is doing a leg stretch holding his right leg up
a person is walking to the side back and forth by crossing their legs horizontally.
the person pounces on something and picks it up, then gets up to walk away.
a person moves side to side while stretching their thigh muscle
the person is walking forward in an odd way.
a person raised the right hand
a person raises their arms up above their head, walks down some stairs and then jumps.
the person jumps a few times and then does three jumping jacks.
person is working on their boxing form
the person is standing up being flexable
the person is scratching their head in confusion.
the person is cleaning freestyle.
a man crouches down while alternating raising his arms.
a person is collecting objects, getting three, they go from the bottom left to the top right of the screen.
the guy lunges forward just a bit and the video ends.
a person who seems to be mixing two different substances
a person walks forward then swiftly turns clockwise, then takes a step and stops.
a person steps forward and makes several hand gestures.
person crouches down a bit then holds arms out.
a person thrusts their hips forward
a person walks forward and picks something up
the person sits down and stands back up.
the person is walking down the cat walk.
walking forward then slightly bending down at waist and touching a surface from left to right
a person raises his left hand above his head and waves it.
person jumps to the right, then jumps to the left, then turns around and walks back to the start before jumping once again.
a person picks up a horizontal object from their right side then places it vertically on their left, then they return to their right again.
a man lifts his left arm up
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle.
a person jogs in place using tiny steps.
a person is crouching and shaking while grabbing their head.
a person sprints to his left.
figure appears to be cleaning it's hand and face with licking
the person is waving with his right hand.
the man is cutting a banana
the person was punching with her left arm.
a person lifts a large object up at waist height from their left and places it back down to their right.
a person is stirring something with his left hand.
crouching and then running diagonally.
the man raises his left hand twice.
figure appears to be cooking adding seasoning to dishes
the figure has bent knees with legs apart and arms up my their side, the right one falls to the right side, stays their and then goes back up for both arms to fall.
person rotates to side then puts hand near mouth elbow bent and stays in position
a person steps forward and to his right hand side.
a person steps forward, leans forward and picks something up.
a person standing straight starts walking backwards and turns.
persons playing a guitar with his left hand.
a man does four different body builder poses.
bending down and moving arms to the side.
person is acting like a human monkey.
the person takes a few steps forward then walks in place .
a person holds their left arm out on something to support them while sticking their left leg up to balance.
someone walks forward, turns to their right, and walks back.
a person is pretending to be a chicken
figure appears to be urinating
he jumps up then stop
the person is doing arm stretches in front of them.
a person appears to be clapping.
a person walks forwards and takes a wide step to the left, then a wide step to the right.
a person walks forward up stairs
person standing and stretching. puts both arms forward then behind their body then to their right side of body. moderate speed of movement.
a person walks to the left, sits down on an object, then stands up again.
a person jogs in place.
the person takes 4 steps forward, then shakes its legs.
the person does a yoga pose with their leg high in the air
a person waves with their right hand
a figure walks backward slowly
a person is standing in a fighting stance with most of their weight on their left foot, with their elbows bent and swings their right arm up and over in a clockwise motion while twisting their torso to the left, and then turns back to the center
a person starts with fast jumping jacks before slowing down.
person stands in the same spot while repeatedly bending both arms at the elbow toward their head.
a person with their hand pointing towards the ground is walking slowly across an area; their arms are only moving slightly almost as if just hanging there.
a man walks a step forward and kicks with his left foot
the person stumbles around while holding their left leg.
a person squats down deeply then jumps up to a standing position several times.
a person walks in a snake like pattern
person brings right elbow to left knee, then left elbow to right knee, stands straight then bends at the knees a few times.
person moves forward and sits in chair briefly before standing back up and walking away
a person lifts both hands into the air.
a person walks forward and then up stairs.
the person was picking something very large up and tilting it.
a person walks angrily around a room, sits, and then continues to walk.
a person skips from left to right then walks slowly.
it is a person walking backwards.
a person shuffles to the left side then back to the right side.
a person runs in a circle twice counter-clockwise.
the person is knocking on something.
person is doing a hand stand
someone flexes their right arm in different positions for several seconds.
a person takes the lid off a box and places it to their left.
a person crouches with legs cross and stands back up
a person staggers back and to the right and back in a zigzag pattern.
person quickly shuffled backwards several steps.
walking in a circular pattern.
someone walks from side to side
a person jumps in place, walks backward and then forward.
the man drops his left hand makes a safe sign scratches his leg then raises his left hand.
a  person swings with both their arm.
a person marches forward with their arms swinging at their sides.
a person puts both hands up.
hands are on the knees, hands go to the chest in a scratching motion, and then hands go back down to the knees.
person is doing it right for hand hit .
a person stands in a t pose with no movement at all
a person walks backward in a counterclockwise circle
a person moves both arms around stretching.
a man rotates at the shoulders, then rolls his neck and finally rotates at his hips.
person lifts arms shoulder length then  jumps and goes up some steps
a person reaches down to pick something up with right hand and stumbles.
a person alternates swinging their right then left arm in forward then backward motions.
the man is drinking with his hand
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes four very slow steps forward.
the man runs back wards
someone is walking backwards in circle
a person takes one step to the left, then takes multiple steps to the right.
the person is walking over to do a forehand throw.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides takes a step forward, reaches down with his left hand, picks something up and moves it to his right, then steps backwards to his original position.
man scratches his face with his right hand
person waving hand up
a person takes a few steps back , walks forward and does a handstand. he then falls back onto his feet.
a person walks forward before coming to a stop
a figure walks to the right then to the left while talking on the phone
a person walking in an average spped
bending at the elbow, someone raises their arm.
a figure walks and spins on their heel.
a man climbs up and seems to be putting something away with both hands
crawling forward and back.
a person by using the right hand, lean it to uppercore body
person steps out with large step to there left with left leg
a person does a defensive shuffle to the right and then to the left
a person doing torso-twists, side-bends, and a lower back/hamstring stretch.
a person claps with both hands.
a man stands with his legs parted and slowly rotates his upper torso a few times, then starts to rotate his hips.
a person makes circles with their hands
the person was walking across the balance beam holding onto a handrail and a table.
walking in a half circle.
a person crosses arms briskly across the front of thier body, then raises one hand and moves both hands back and forth.
a squatting person is eating/drinking something with each hand.
the man is crossing his arms
a person walks backwards and forwards
a person walks forward a few steps and then takes a drink with his right hand
a man walks in a line.
the person is running at a normal speed.
a person is laughing and shaking their arms around
a person moves their left leg up in a slow kick.
a person moving both arms in a certain rotation and then bending both arms backwards like a stretching motion
a person slowly walks forward and then stops.
this person does not move, just stands in place.
a person feeling the back of their head.
a person is walking slow in a straight line.
a person is pushed backwards slightly
a person takes two steps forward before turning around and running in the opposite direction. they then stop running, turn about-face once more before performing two consecutive cartwheels.
he tries to clean the floor
person squats down into the crouch position.
a man is in a seated postion. he alternates between moving his left and right hands in a driving motion.
a person turns to the left and picks up an object with their left hand, lifts it towards their head, then puts it back down.
a person who is clapping their hands
person walks forwards, uses left hand to move objects around, then walks backwards again. appears to be combining items together, like making a sandwich
a person runs forward and does cartwheel in reverse direction.
a person with knees bent, curls up by hunching over, and then stands straight up.
a person chops with an axe.
a  person doing a limping walk, taking proper step with the right foot and limping with the left
a person bends its knees up and down, while their arms are in a w shape.
a person with an injured right arm and leg walking with a limp.
someone steps over a short stool.
a person hops on just their right leg and then hops on just their left leg and then comes down to land on both feet at the same time.
a man kicks with his right leg and then kicks with his left leg.
a person skips forward on leg then turns right. he does this four times.
a figure sneaks down the hall.
a person holds their arms out in a circle and moved in counterclockwise circles.
he acts like a big dinosaur
ther person is walking up a ladder, they take their left hand off the ladder and seem to examen/pickup something that might was parallel to their new height and then they transfer the object to their other hand and look at it.
the person leans over the sink while washing the dishes
a person doing jumping jacks
person is always walking forwards form their perspective but turns their body so their path is counterclockwise.
a person walking and taking a turn to the left
a figure tip toes around while walking in a slolam like motion
a figure jogs lightly in a figure eight
a man walks forward, pauses briefly and then walks backward.
a person jumps up once, then jumps higher the second time.
a person takes multiple steps towards the camera with the two final steps appearing be going up a set of stairs.
a stick fogure holds their arms straight up and then quickly puts them back down.
the arms are stretched out then lowered back down, the left arm touches right shoulder across the chest, the left hand is placed at top of neck and down chest area then pointed outward and placed back at original position.
the person was moving his arms around like he was drunk.
a person quickly answers a call with their left hand.
a figure lowers its arms and then staggers forward to the left haggardly
a person is standing and leaning forward and using hands to swat away some objects in front of them.
someone is holding their arms together in front of them moving them up and down while rocking back and forth.
a person stands still then takes one step forward
someone is playing american football
a man raises his right hand to this face then lowers it back down.
the person is sitting down.
a figure hi fives
a person walks forward on a beam with outstretched arms and then steps down.
a man squats and walks forward.
the person is jogging forward turning left.
figure appears to be lifting up a paper and reading it
a person gets on all fours and crawls in a diagonal line to the left, stands up, and take several steps along the diagonal line forward.
a person jumps over something while turning their wrists
a person walks with one foot in front of the other; right foot first, uses their hands to keep balance.
a person waves his left hand back and forth while standing, he then turns his hand to the side continueing to wave his hand and then turns his had to the back still waving
the man throws punches with both hands.
a person standing up and greeting someone with a respectful hand to forehead gesture.
a person bends down to pick something up with their left arm, sets it down with their right arm, and then starts to pour something into it.
a stick figure is standing up dancing.
a person lifting something over their head.
the person is doing a dance like a ballerina
a person sits down, picks up glass and takes a drink, sets glass back down and then stands up to walk away.
a figure does jumping jacks
raising hands to face.
walking backwards and stopping.
the person was doing a warm-up with his arms pulling his elbow back.
a person walks in a u-shape going left then right.
a person steps back to his left, takes four steps forward, hops once and continues walking.
a man is swinging his left arm upwards.
a person leaned the left hand nea to face and walked backwards
a man lunges forward with left leg and appears to throw an object with his right hand, then steps out with left foot and raises both arms above head to catch or flag something.
a person has their arms fully extended and then sits down on an invisible chair.
a person who seems to be stumbling
a person tries to screw something large into place.
a person is running in place.
a person lifts their right leg and bends it behind them, places it back on the ground, and then repeats
the person is bouncing to do boxing.
a man walking makes a left turn
a person walks forward in a diagonal line, turns around and jogs forward towards the starting position
a person waves their hands and shakes their hips.
a person is walking in a clockwise circle.
a person standing and stretching his arms forward and side ways.
a person is making arm motions with both arms starting with their left arm.
a person steps over something and then walks in a loop.
person hold hand out and with right hand does a circular movement
a person walks forward slowly
the person was missing something with his left hand.
person is walking in us and circles.
a person walks a few steps forward, then turns to their right 180 degrees, and walks back to the starting point
a person strafes from side to side.
a man picks up a phone with his left hand and talks on it.
a person bends slightly to their right and picks something up then turns slightly to their left and places it down.
a person greets and shakes with one hand then shakes with both hands to another person.
a person standing uses their right hand to touch something on their head and then lowers it.
a person walks forward and takes a left turn.
a person raises his right hand elbow up towards the face and lowers it.
a person throwing punches with both arms.
a person walks easily forward.
a person is standing, feet shoulder width apart, arms slightly bent and on raised heels almost in anticipation.
a person is sitting and rotating an object in front of them with both arms.
person is slowly walking down.
figure appears to be getting something out of a drawer
a person walks forward and turns around.
the figure does circles with his arms stops and then raises his hands parallel to the floor.
a man lifts something on his right and places it down on his left.
a person turns a steering wheel to the right.
someone puts their left foot forward while reaching up and to the left with their left hand, then lowers their left hand while they put their left foot back, then raises their left hand to face-level, then lowers it, then raises both hands to face-level, then lowers both.
person is doing something with his left hand in front of his face.
a person picks up their right leg and hops on their left foot 4 times, before jumping to their right leg, and hopping on the right foot 4 times.
person is sweeping the floor
person doing dance moves while walking forward.  looks like disco dancing.
person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
this person stands in place with both hands at his head.
a man walks forward in place slowly.
a person is standing straight, and lifts their left arm to theirhead as if to look at the time on their watch.
the man walks forward fastly
person making disco motion with hands
a person stands with their knees slightly bent and their hands pulled toward their chest, twists to one side then the other side, squats further, and stands back up.
person does two cart wheels
a man walks part way down steps and stops.
the figure walked a few steps forward, stopped, turned and walked back, with its hands hung from the back of its head, contemplating its thoughts.
a figure walks upstairs without a handrail.
a person claps their hands in front of them.
a person who is standing with his arms out from his sides brings his hands together and kicks out with his left leg, then kicks with his right leg, then kicks with his left leg, then kicks with his right leg and then stops.
a person reaches up and then down with his right hand.
a person takes a step back, starts swinging their fists boxing, and then runs forward.
the person was hitting a baseball.
the person is going to take a vacation.
a person raises their left hand, to possibly put something in their mouth, then raising the right hand as if to wipe sweat from their brow.
a person sliding to the right diagonally then back to the left
walks in a diagnol to the left and then turns and walks back.
the person walks down a series of stairs.
person aims and throws a baseball
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
from a standing position a man spreads his legs widely.
a person is doing karate kicks.
a person does star jumps.
a person begins walking with their right foot, takes a couple of steps, turns towards the right and takes a couple more steps and stands still.
a person ran forward in right direction
a man stands on his left foot while kicking his right foot out.
he does a pose directally
a person walks unsteadily forward as each hand leans on parallel railings to maintain balance.
a person claps their hands in front of them, drops them, then repeats.
a person is stirring something with their right hand.
crouching forward while walking as the left foot is dragged behind.
the person is putting his arms up in the air.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person bends down and touches their toes, then reaches up and stretches back and forth
a person ballet dances in a triangle.
a figure raises both its hands to chin level, in a boxing stance. the figure kicks forward with its right leg.
a person jumps and raises their hands midway and then begins to jump again.
a figure throws with their right hand then perhaps catches
the man makes small steps forward and back
a person brings food to their mouth, eats it, while resting their body weight on their right leg
a person walks forward a few steps on their tippy toes and then turns around and walks back in the same fashion.
a person swings his arms around
a person runs forward and leaps off of their right foot and stops briefly when they land. they then start to run again
a person turns around and pulls something.
a person lifts something with their left arm, shakes something with both arms, then does a quick shake of something with only the left arm.
the body is slightly bent forth with arms out curled, with the body slowly jerking side to side.
a person rotates clockwise and completes a full circle clockwise whilst rotating.
he puts his hand to his head
the person takes a swing with the baseball bat
a person gathering force to throw something.
a person stretching their upper body and back.
the human is running forward briskly
the person brings their right hand up in front of them and then brings it back down.
a person paces from right to left and then back to their origin.
a person doing a shoulder stretch.
a person walks four steps forward.
person standing walks forward slowly 5 steps  and gestures a throw
walking in a circular motion.
he runs over then stops
a person turns counter counterclockwise 180 degrees, walks straight, then turns counter counterclockwise 180 degrees again.
spinning arms near chest.
a man takes small steps backwards and forwards, sits cross-legged on the ground, then returns to a standing position.
the figure shambles in a drunken state, struggling to walk in a straight line; it moves awkwardly towards the right.
a person walking forward, pausing, grabbing something with their right arm and placing it down after taking a step back.
a person sweeping the floor
a person steps back while shaking their shoulders and steps forward.
a person falls to their right.
a person leans right while holding his left hand infront of his face slowly gesturing and then waves with the same hand.
a person stretches their arm out, curves outwards and returns it to the neutral position
man stands holding both arms up at his sides at a left anglefor 7 seconds then brings both hands down together to his right side and squeezed an object.
a man sneezes and made a snorting motions after.
character is walking at a normal pace before speeding up and hopping several times.
a person standing on one leg.
the person bent down and dodge something towards the left.
the person is walking forward to doing it weโre all turning around and walking backwards
a person walks straight backwards.
a person raised the hands and after hold something
the man takes one hop into the air.
a person looks to be petting a dog with left hand.
the person is sitting down and i think putting something down.
a person walks in an arc
a man walks counterclockwise in a circle
the person turns to the side and starts doing alternating jump lunges then returns to a normal standing position.
the figure raises both arm up horizontally elbows locked then raises the shoulder length and then puts them back down
this person jumps forward then jumps backward.
a person walks around in a clockwise circle
a person slowly walked forward
a person holds both arms out to his sides, lowers them, lifts his left arm up in front of his face and pushes forward, drags to the left pushes forward again, drags to the lefts and pushes forward again.
a person leans to their left as they punch with their right arm.
a person walks quickly sideways leading with left leg.
the person is standing with both arms elevated straight out to there sides. they then bring both arms in and hands are in the middle of the chest. they then make small mostions at chest level first with the righy arm then the left
person is walking around looking for some thing. but
a man runs forwards slowly, jumps, and then runs forwards again.
a person walks so spirited to the right and stands.
person dances slowly, undulating right arm, then left arm, turning left and right, then backing up.
a person swings each arms in a windmill pattern.
the person stretches their arms up, brings them down, then throws them back up and jumps.
a person thats walking backwards
a person raises both hands to their face then drops them to their sides.
someone crouches and crawls and goes around
starting with their right foot, a person salsa dances forward and backward before turning around while continuing to dance.
a person is walking briskly around a room
jumps up high with both feet and to the right side lands back down.
a man walked and make a left turn.
technique of a basketball move. taking a few steps forward, taking bend for the knees , does a fake out by taking a step back, shoots with his hands extending forwards, drops his hands and takes a few steps back.
a person slowly walked forward
the figure squats up and down with arms forward with each squat they do a tiny jump as they move upward.
a person turns to their right and reaches above him with his left hand as if to grab something.
person walks straight casually with arms slightly swinging
person is stratching their arms.
a person walks backwards, and then begins walking forward in a circular clockwise direction
a person picks up a horizontal object from their front left side with both hands, and moves it to the front right side.
the person walks forward very slow
a man takes a big swing with his arm.
a person lifts up their right leg while shifting on their left.
waving hand side to side.
a person sways their arms back and forth while bent over.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides, turns and steps backwards, jogs forward six steps, turns 180 degrees and jogs four steps, then stops and resumes his original position.
a person steps right to left steadily, while gesturing towards something on the right hand side with their left arm.
he walks forward slowly then stops
the person is jogging fast in place.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person walks forward to the right, then takes several steps backwards, stumbles and steps to the right.
a person walks forward swinging their shoulders, turns around, bends at the knees and then walks back
a person shoves their arms out in an angry fashion.
a person bends at the waist, outstretching both arms to reach to the left, then the right, then straight in front of them
a person squats then stands up, lifts both arms above head, squats again and place both arms in original position.
a person walks forward, turns around, sits down, stands up and continues walking.
a person kicks something with their left leg.
a person reading a book
this person moves to the left, to the right and stops where they started.
the man is washing a dog, holding him with his left hand.
the person sits very still in the chair
a person walks in a figure eight pattern.
a person walks forward, turns and walks towards his right.
a person leans backwards and then bows forward twice.
the figure walks forward swiftly
the man bends his left arm to engage his bicep muscle and do a curl then the man bends his right arm in the same fashion.
person shuffles in a circle twice
a person turns around to the left and continues to walk in a u shape.
a person walks forward, jumps over something, then keeps walking
a man rotates at the shoulders, then rolls his neck and finally rotates at his hips.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle while holding an object above their head
a man stands casually with his arms to his sides than takes 4 slow steps backwards starting with his right and then stops.
a figure walks forward and to the left in a semicircle
a person side steps to the right for a few steps.
a man bends down to pick something up. he walks forward,  then picks something up again.
person cartwheels from left to right diagonally and then walks back to starting position
person jumped straight  up vertically.
person walks straight back leading with right leg
the man is walking fast
a person rolls their right ankle around.
a person jogs at a normal pace.
a person stands actively then throws a disc
person is walking and almost falling over
a person walking right and left seems he/she is distressed
the person bows its head forward
a person brings both hands to their chest, then pushes them outwards twice.
a person seems to be looking for something on the ground, then walks and stands
a man is bent down close to the floor and bouncing on his feet for 5 seconds then begins to duck walk forward while continuing to bounce.
the man appears to hold both hands as if something were in them and rocks them back and forth.
a person walks while dragging his feet.
a man is walking forward in an s shape
a man walks forward picks something up with his right hand turns counter clockwise then walks back to start and turms clockwise
a person wipes something, goes forward to pick up something else, moves back and wipes it.
a person walks in a straight line, stumbling once slightly to their left as they do.
person acts in drunken way he steps back twice leaning back  and arms thrust out to the back
a figure jogs forward with elbows cocked
standing on one foot.
the figure stays put but moves arms upward.
a person slowly lowers his arms, claps then walks forward to sit on a chair with his arms behind his head.
a lerson lifts their right arm with elbow bent, out to a 90 degree angle to their body.
a person is walking then takes some steps.
person bends down to pick something up, sets it aside
the person is putting a golf ball
a person squats with his arms outward.
a determined figure walks forward with arms slightly swaying.
a person crosses their arms and then release them to their side.
a person walks carefully while pushing objects away from them on either side
stick figure sits down with legs crossed then stands back up
a person washes himself with his left arm
a person walks forward, slowly.
a person walking around in a balance beam.
a person does the "chicken part" of the chicken dance.
a person standing at the top portion of a rectangle jogs to the other side of the rectangle.
the man waves his hands then spreads his arms.
the person is jumping up and down.
a person is playing a violin.
a person takes a step forward and grips something with his hands as he climbs on it, then he stops and clasps his hands to his heart.
a man standing and later shuffles his shoulder to the right.
the toon walks down the plane at a normal speed.
the sim is walking, then turns left.
a person walks around carefully looking for something, periodically looking up from the ground and around them.
a person skips back and forth down a line
the person is walking and turn right.
a person walks several steps forward.
a man is walking in a large counter-clockwise circle.
a person walks forward carrying something.
the person is walking across the floor sad
a person walks forward and picks up an object from the ground, which they lift and put down again, then they turn around and walk back.
a person walks forward aggressively then runs away in fear.
person walks then turns right
person uses right hand and arm to move to side then front ways then other movements
person is pressing buttons like in a passcode
the person play some thing from the right to the left
a person slowly jumps backwards.
a man walks counterclockwise in a circle.
crawling forward and back.
the person is doing elbow warm-ups.
a person walks forward in a straight line and then stops.
a person steps forward with right foot, grabs one item with each hand, and makes a sawing motion with right arm
a person jumping on the rope, while staying on the same place
a man walks foward in a catwalk ,stops and then inclines his upper body foward.
a person turns to the right, takes two steps in an upwards motion, turns to their right again, walks forward, turns right again, takes a few more steps and stops.
someone appears to be mixing something
a man sets to do a backflips then fails back flip and falls to the ground
a person walks forward, leans over and steps back.
subject is holding both arms up in a victorius pose and transitions to post victory pose.
the man is doing jumping jacks
a person sits down with hands by his side
a person sits down and stands back up.
a person who is walking backwards
a person waves their arms and body around fully extended.
person is walking and veering right
a person is standing before being pushed back and to the right slightly.
person moves forward two steps then does a full turn and faces opposite direction
someone is dancing by kicking their legs foward and stepping back. they are also moving their arms back and forth.
a man stretches his leg.
a person brings their left wrist to neck level and examines it.
a person is moving their arm around
a person brings his arms out to his sides, then jumps, spinning around to face the opposite direction.
a man brings his hands down to his thighs, standing with his knees bent, before extending his arms to either side and then bringing them back down to his thighs.
a person slowly walked forward in left direction
a person walks forward, with a quickening step and stops tentatively, as they take their last step.
a person is sitting and then has their arms raised to their sides.
a person walks straight forward
a person walks forward and trips.
someone tryiing to fight while moving his body
the person is side stepping.
a person, slowly walked forward, and after made circle with left hand
a person stands relaxed seems to observe something
person walks while veering left
the person is reaching for something with his left arm.
a man lifts a weight over his head.
a person walks straight going slightly to the left
a person rocks back and forth with their right leg forward, and slaps their right arm with their left hand twice, then continues to raise their right hand chest level, but without slapping it for two more times.
a person is standing with hands in front of them and slightly moves them.
the person is warming up his wrists and ankles.
the person stretches their left and right arms above their head.
jump on the floor on the front.
the man gets on his hands and knees and crawls forward.
a person walks forward and then turn around and sits down. they then get back up and walk back towards where the started
someone shuffles their feet to the right, then left, then right.
a person runs in a circle while facing the same direction
a person jumps in place while moving their arms back and forth
a person slowly walks forward.
a standing man leans down to a kneeled position with his left knee contacting the ground and his right leg planted foot down. the man then stands up.
a person walks down a ramp and to the left.
a person sitting down, with their arms slightly elevated.
a person paces back and forth in a small space
someone is running forward and jumping over something
a person takes one hop into the air and then lands.
a man raise his right hand to his head then lowers it back down to the original position.
the person is running in place in all directions.
a person walks forward slowly after getting pushed slightly.
walking in a random pattern.
a person raises their hand to their mouth listlessly.
a person standing still and waving with his right hand.
a person slowly walked forward and return
a person explaining or asking something and then raising hand near face curiously.
a person stands still for a moment, then walks forward to the far side of the room. they stop at the end of the room..
person is running forward at medium pace
a person slowly makes steps in a counterclockwise circle as if sneaking.
the person walks forward and turns and walks back to their original position.
person is slightly squatting and does a t-pose
taking small steps one foot in front of the other.
a person walks around in a circle.
a person grabbed the body and face with right hand
a man is getting up from lying on the ground then walks in a complete clockwise circle then lays back down in the same position he got up from.
someone walks to a door touches it and leaves
a person walks calmly in irregular counterclockwise circles with their left arm raised to chest-level.
a person makes the cross sign on their chest and raises their hands to their head in a praying motion.
a person reaches for something with their right arm and then their left arm then proceeds to scrub something with both arms, they then reach for something with their right arm and their left arm again
a man stretches his hands to the right picks something and tilts to the left and then places it there.
person walks forward slightly, then touches where their head would be.
the person kept walking side to side to two subs so on so forth thteps to the other side and then two more steps to the other side and stopped
a person raises their right hand above their head.
a person runs from the middle to one side then turns around then runs to the other side, then runs back to the middle.
a person raises and lowers their arms, turns, then lowers so their arms and legs are on the floor with their stomach facing up
a person is moving around the room while moving his hands.
a person throws a punch with their right hand then with their left hand.
the man strolls forward with minimal movement of his hands.
figure has hands on their hips.
a person is walking forward swinging their arms side to side
a person puts his hands to his face to shout louder
a man walks forward and stumbles on a step.
the person t-poses twice while standing still.
a person walks forward, picks something up with their right hand, and then pours it into a container.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person marches in place, stands, and then runs in place
a person stands still and then catches something with both hands.
the person rolled over from his side.
a person starts walking in a circle and returns to his starting spot.
a person running to the left then the right to end up in the original spot.
a person is dancing the waltz.
a person steps forward, then leans while touching their chest with their right hand, and rests their left hand on their leg.
someone is walking casually forward.
a man uses both arms to make jabbing motions at the ground as though vacuuming, taking slow and staggered steps, before raising to a standing position.
the man look like he was fishing with his right arm and then his left arm.
a person is spinning around.
a person throws something with their left hand, then raises their right hand up to their face.
the person turned around and sat down.
a person slowly takes four steps forward.
a man standing completely still.
a person reaches down to touch their foot, and then makes a series of jumps in a box shape.
a person jumps lifting his hands in the air .
the person lifted a weight with his right hand.
a person walks up and then down stairs
the man takes 5 curved steps.
a person walks forward then turns around and quickly walks away
a person stands up, places hands in front of chest and down, and walks in a clockwise circle and sits down.
the man raises his right hand above his head and throws something forward.
a person does an upper cut
a person walks forward from one end to the other.
a person shivers with their arms, then cuts wood, and finally makes a swimming motion.
a person standing and then doing jumping jacks.
it look like the person is trying to stop someone or people around them
the person is picking something up and squeezing it.
a person claps their hands
a person is bouncing around while flapping his arms.
a person grabbed something and throw it with right hand
a person carelessly walking right to left.
a person is walking while swinging around his arms.
a person makes several small jumps in a row.
a person swipes their right arm through the air.
a person walks forward then spins around and walks back
person is kicking a ball.
the person is walking forward on uneven terrain.
a figure walks forward two steps raises its hand to an onset of watchers, spins in a 180 degree circle, repeating.
a person does motions to stretch out his back
a person bends their left leg up at the knee and catches it with their left hand, stretches, then lets it go.
the person walsk forward, turns around and sits down only to get back up and walk back to where they started.
a person rubbing their right arm then their tummy then back to their right arm
a person stands still and moves their arms as if they were swimming.
a man walks forward and turns to the right.
a person leans right while stretching their left arm.
the person was doing a trial right of weights.
a person does the "chicken part" of the chicken dance.
a person walks back and forth, extending out their right and left arm before turning around to repeat.
a person walks up and over an object
person puts both hands clasped together stomach height then puts both hands bent onto sides  of their body
a man walks slowly forwards.
a standing person is swaying gently back and forth as he holds his right hand to the right side of his head for a moment. he drops his arm, briefly, then raises it to look at his hand.
a person raised the right hand while balancing
a person adds ingredients to a drink/food.
a person walks forward turns and sits then walks back.
a person does one squat with arms straight out in front.
figure sits in an invisible chair, swiveling back and forth, and raises right hand to side of head while left arm goes back to sit atop the left knee.
a person steps forward and is pushed backward.
the person was spinning around in place and jumped.
the person squats down and picks something up off of the ground.
this person is hopping around in circles.
person walks slow while balancing and holding onto something with their left hand.
the person moves his left hand around
a man ducks down while running toward the camera, all fours briefly hit the ground as he continues to move toward the camera and then starts to turn to his right.
a person stretches their back, moving right, left, forward and back.
someone cocks their hip to the left and holds out their right hand, palm up, at shoulder level.
a person is jogging in place as if on a treadmill.
a person sidesteps from right to left then walks back
the man is walking slowly
the person walks forward, turns around counterclockwise, walks backwards a few steps and turns around and walks forward.
person steps forward slowly five steps
a person walks forward in an curved line
a person holds hands at side, then moves left hand across body and up in front of body.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms in wide circles, and then turns around and walks while swing their arms again.
a person is sitting or squatting with bent arms and picks something up to face height, then turns their torso to the right.
a person does the chicken dance.
a person starts walking in z shape ,goes to extreme right and walks slightly left and stands in the center.
the person raised his arms up and then put them down again.
a person sits down on something.
a person claps his hands together then turns and squats down as if to be sitting in a chair.
a person limps with their right leg hurt.
a person holds their hands out in front of them, pushes their hands forward, then signals their right hand in a half circle before crossing their arms.
a person is waving both arms.
a person drops their arms by their side then walks clockwise in a circle while swinging their arms.
the person is walking around.
a person drunkenly walks down some stairs.
a person balances on their right leg, while using their left leg to kick and move about.
a person slowly walked forward downstairs
a person is walking while holding a drink in their hand.
a man is standing still and then starts walking forward before turning around.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person steps to the right and raises their left hand above their head.
a person is jogging forward with their arms near their chest
staying still with arms near chest.
moves around then crouches down
a person grabs their head in pain.
a man bends his left arm at the elbow in a struggling motion.
a person jogs forward.
a person is break dancing.
the person is walking and turned right.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person in a squatting position with hands on the ground, extends right leg and the left leg outwards, getting jnto push up position.
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks down stairs holding on to something on the left.
a person walks forward in a counterclockwise loop
a person hops in place, first small hops, then a large hop and then all over again.
a individual is standing with both arms extended before bringing them to their waste, taking a couple steps forward before bring their hands up as to grab the handle bars of a bike.
a person jumps in the air with both arms at their side. ther person raises their left foot after the jump
a person quickly walks forward.
a man jogs in a small circle.
person is dancing eloquently
a person raises his arms up and down and then walks counterclockwise in a circle.
this person walks slowly forward in a zig zag.
a person sits down on a chair
a person walks forward with both arms at their side not swinging
a figure hops up and down once then walks forward
the person is jumping forward.
person takes step forward, then turns around to look behind them
the person picks up a very big bowl
a person moves forward quickly and lifts both legs before landing and continuing to move forward.
a person leans down to grab something then rubs it on something
a person tip toeing forward.
a person is standing still when all of a sudden they seem to push forward with their left shoulder as if they are leaning into someone or something.
a person walks forward and picks things up and puts them down with their hands.
a person, standing still, suddenly throws something with their right arm.
a person moves around while expressing deep frustrations
a man is stumbling and drinks something.
the person is excercising in place and hunch walking.
standing still and not moving.
aman takes two steps, leans in and thoroughly washes his hands.
a person slowly walking forward, while kicking with left leg and after doing a round kick with legs
person walked upstairs and then downstairs.
a person places their hands out in front of them on something round.
a person mixes something with their right hand.
a man does a push up and then uses his arms to balance himself back to his feet.
a person may take small, deliberate steps when recovering from surgery.
a person raises their arms then shift their body from right to left before bending down and repeating.
a person stands still and then takes a few steps backward
the person is putting something in a mixing bowl.
person is doing a dance move.
a person is walking and stumbles.
a person moves their arms in front of them.
a woman rotates her pelvis to pick up an item off the ground and place on a shelf.
a person bends at the knees and jumps slightly.
a person jumps straight up with both arms down.
a man sidesteps slowly in a circle.
a person dances a waltz.
person takes step then turns and goes five steps back then takes something from or puts on high shelf then turns over and goes back to the spot he started movement from
a person walking in a straight line
a person angrily walks forward and to the right
person looks like their running up and kicking a ball
a man excersizes by sitting down and getting up
a man waves and then beckons with his left hand.
a man who is kneeled down uses his right hand to stand up.
person has right hand cupped and held against the head while waving with the left hand.
a person who seems to be dancing in the style of waltz
a person stands in 3rd, lifts their back left leg, and then runs and does a ballet jump to the back.
walking in a half circle.
a person walks forward and effortlessly kicks something that is on the ground.
the sim steps forward throwing an object with their right hand.
a man gets up from the ground pushing off with his right hand then walks in a counter counterclockwise circle back to where he began then lays down flat on the ground on his back.
a person waves with both hand
person is standing up moving objects.
a person is standing with wobbly knees and moving his arms back and fourth as if he was dizzy.
person is swimming using the breast stroke
walks normally in a straight direction, turns around then walks straight back
a person walks backwards.
a person throws something with their left arm.
a person raises his both arms and moves his left hand forward
a person happens to notice something on the ground in front of him and steps forward and bends over to grab it while resting his left hand on his thigh to protect his sore back.
a person is standing, and then lift their right arm as if to check the time on their watch
a person is holding a phone to their ear, then they press on the screen and lift the phone to their ear again
a person walks forward and stumbles.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person crosses their arms then drops them.
a person slowly walked by making the circle
a person throws their right hand up
a person tip-toes around while hanging on to a railing.
a person washes a window or a wall in front of them with their left hand
robot touched his face with right hand.
a person brings his and to his face to cry
a person is squating and alternates raising his right and left arms up over his head.
a person walks forward swinging their arms.
a person does an over head press.
person is bent down trying to pick up stuff, right arm is moved to the back, picks up more stuff and touches back again while bending down
a man walks in a sinusoidal, side-winding path from left to right in two cycles.
a person staggers in a semi circle  left counter- clockwise
person jogs around to the left and right
a person has their arms stretched out, then brings their arms to their side, claps, walks a few steps & sits down.
a person walks in all directions while performing aggressive gestures.
a person is walking forward along a set straight line.
someone bursting with excitement and joy
person makes a twisting motion with their right hand towards the ground, then takes a step backwards and raises both hands up, holding them out to their sides.
a person jumps around as if they are dancing in a club.
a person boxes with the right and left hands.
a person walks forward with their right arm slightly lifted and bent, walks backwards and bends their arm downward in a 90 degree angle, spins around counterclockwise and walks forward with their right hand out and bent
a person is pushed by an unseen force, before they recover.
the man puts his hand to his mouth and moves his arams
a person takes a step backwards.
a person catches a ball, steps backwards, and throws a ball with their right hand.
the woman holds her hands close to her face, then shrugs with one hand showing that she is fattered.
moving arms left and right slowly.
a man with his right arm up looks around, sticks both arms out, and bends over, seeming to represent a teapot.
a man walks forward slowly and clumsily
a person is walking and is shy
the person is excercising with weights.
a person slowly walked forward and stopped
a person walks a few steps and then carefully picks up something that they then walk a few steps to put into something else
person appears to unscrew something with left hand while holding it with right hand.
a man walks forwards with a swagger and picks something up with his left hand.
a person is sitting and makes slight movements of his hands
a person is standing and adjusts their weight to lean more on their right side.
person is clapping on the spot
a person bows forward then returns to a prone position.
a person stands on their right leg drawing circles with their left foot, then stands on their left leg drawing circles with their right foot, before lunching forward with their left leg.
person extends right arm slightly then bounces on spot
a person bend on the knee and and was looking at something
a person carefully steps over an obstacle.
a person placing something in their hand and then throwing it while twisting their body.
a person is moving around his arms.
a man touches his upper left arm with his right hand, then reaches the right hand forward, then touches his right hand to his left sholder and reaches the right hand forward again before lowering it to his right side.
a person sits in a  chair then stands back up.
a person squatting slightly , then lifting both right and left arms above them.
a person who seems to do articulations for i'm a little teapot nursery rhyme
a person is walking slow while using a handrail.
this person stands and sways around as if to be social in a crowd.
a person walks slowly then stops
a man holding his arm up in a defensive stance with the right side of his body forward, staring with his left leg the man begins to shuffle backward 4 steps.
a man dances before running forward then running backwards
a person appears to be jogging.
the person walk upstairs then turn around and walk back downstairs.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person walking trying to avoid things in his way on the floor.
waving hands while walking around.
a person walks towards the left.
a person moves left arm forward to shoulder length and then brings it down, while the right arm moves slightly outwards and back.
a person flaps both of their arms and steps back with their right foot.
a person moves ahead a few steps quickly.
a person throws with their right arm
person stepsdown from a step to a standstill
the person walks in a straight line at a angle to their right, then turns around and jogs back to the start.
a person slowly walked forward
the person brings their hands up in front of them as if opening something, and then ends in a t-pose.
moving the hands and littly  band the legs and move front.
the person walks around and then starts walking while leaned over.
a person grabs left foot with left hand, then extends the leg by its head.
a person reaches out to grab something, then paces back and forth
person is walking straight ahead
a man walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks on to something, leans forwards and walks off the object.
the person is walking down the steps.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise half circle, then turns around and continues walking in a counterclockwise half circle.
a person rubbing their left arm then their tummy then back to their left arm
the toon is standing still, extending their left arm, touching their right leg before raising both arms above their head.
the person is posing and crossing his hand.
a man stands with his hands up against his head then leans forward and seems to be tying a shoe.
a man walks up stairs leading with his left foot.
someone shuffles their feet to the left, then right, then left.
a person puts his right hand to his head.
a person thinking in a crouched over position
person is opening shelf and moving things around
man stands in one position roll neck around and rotate left arm continuously.
a person walks while touching something with his right hand.
a person walks down a hill and places a box on the ground.
a person walks up some stairs, reaching out for the handrail to pull themselves up the stairs.
a man stands still for several seconds, before taking a slow jerky step forward.
person spins around in a circle with their arms fully extended out to the sides.
a person moves their right arm in a jerky motion.
the person is standing up and then suddenly loose balance to their left side. they catch themselves and look to their top right in "confusion"
a man steps forward, then suddenly staggers to his right, before returning to his original course.
a standing person leans forward and shakes their shoulders before leaning up to their original position
the man is walking backward
a person is throwing with both hands
a person is standing, feet shoulder width apart, arms slightly bent and on raised heels almost in anticipation.
a man walks in a semicircle, headed right, while using his hands on a rail to guide his balance.
he is running from right to left.
shaking legs side to side.
a person twist their body in a very fluid motion
person runs to the right, then to the left, then back to the right. appears to be jogging
this person ducks under something then climbs up and over it.
the person is waving with their left hand.
subject is sitting flat on the ground feat straight in front then the subject stands straight up then sits back down with feet straight out in front again
a person is moving hands and hips rapidly.
this person walks forward and to the left, turns and bends forward while walking.
a person walks forward calmly.
a man having a drink after a run.
a person throws something onto the ground while moving around and spreads their arms wide
a person is pushed lightly from the right side.
a man opens something and rubs it under his arms.
a person slowly walked forward
the man is stirring in a circular motion with his left hand.
man left leg lift, foot turnt left then kicked out repeated again.
person is jogging back and forth.
walks in a wide clockwise circle.
person lifts arms to chest and then flaps arms 6 times
a person attempts to swat away a fly multiple times.
a man is throwing something.
a man holds his hands up to his head.
person uses hand to do a wiping motion, then moves backwards. appears like he's cleaning something
a person throwing ang catching a ball
a person falls to their knees.
a person walks in a clock wise circle and stops were he began.
a person jogs forward swinging arms.
a person is swinging a tennis racket.
a man sitting down rubs his right knee and then rubs his left knee.
a person punches the air multiple times
a man impersonates an elephant.
a person uses their right arm to drink a bottle of water and put it down
the person jumped back and forth round and round.
the person walk forward and wipe some thing off.
the sim is standing before moving to a crawling position.
he walks forward straight directally
a man picks up object from the ground using his right hand then with left hand and then keeping his left hand near his stomach exercises with the right hand and then keeps back the object on the ground from left hand and then with right hand
person hops forward only on right foot, turns around while keeping left foot off the ground, hops back to original point only on right foot, settles both feet, turns around and begins hopping forward only on left foot.
the subject takes 2 steps backwards, left leg moves back first followed by the right leg.
someone hold heads in hands and bend to the left, trying to dodge something.
a person bows their head forward and then stands up straight.
a person punches with their right arm, swats with their right arm, then punches with their left arm
punching the air while standing.
the person was holding the right side of his head.
a figure steps back and to the right.
a person is taking wide steps back and forth.
a man lowers his arms and places his hands on his knees.
a person walks forward diagonally.
the man walks back and forth putting something on a shelf.
a person goes down to the floor doing push up
the person is boxing with his right arm.
a man takes a step and then throws with his right hand
a figure does a box step, as though dancing alone
a person sits down, turns to their right, then stands.
a person leans over to wipe down a table
a person is standing straight with their arms bowed forward, twisting their hips right and stretching their right arm in the process.
a person with their hands together walks backwards and sits down and then stands back up again and moves forwarda person with their hands together walks backwards and sits down and then stands back up again and moves forward
the person didnโt warm up and started jogging in place.
a person grabbed the body and start to do some jesture
a person walks forward at a normal speed then turns right and continues to walk
a person takes a right turn while walking forward
a person throws something twice, then kicks at the air twice, then throws twice while moving in a circle
a person walking around bouncing carelessly , then doing it again but backwards.
a man pats himself on the head
a person walking forward slightly to the right
person raises both hands towards one another to their chest, then lowers hands back to โnormalโ position
a person is kneeling on the floor and stands up by placing their right hand on the floor and pushing off.
a man walks gradually down a slope whilst gently swaying his arms.
a figure lifts his right arm and stretches it overhead
a person walks one way then backtracks
the man takes a step and raises his left hand.
a man claps his hands 5 times.
a person walking in a diagonal direction
a person turns to his right, sits in a chair facing away, and then he walks away diagonally and sits in another chair facing forward.
the person is facing forward but backing up holding onto a rail.
a person is jogging around
a person sneaking down the hallway trying not to wake anyone.
a person jumoed on the place
the person was walking forward turned around and walk the other direction.
a person swats their right hand in front of them
a person waalks forward and appears to pour two items into a bowl.
a person leans back on their left leg, draws both their arms back, and throws something.
a man slowly takes two steps forward, then stumbles.
a person holds their head in their hands and bent slightly forwards, sways from right to left.
a man pulls an object from the left side towards the right side.
the person is knocking.
a person who is standing with his arms held head high lifts his arms above his head, twice.
a standing person slowly walks with their right foot first and then their left foot after in front of their right foot
a person holds their arms out to each side, teetering them up and down slightly. then, they begin to rotate their arms in slow, wide circles,
a person walks forward, then leans down as if to pick something up, turns around and puts something down on the ground.
the man moves sideways and back
the person uses the handrail to walk up the stairs
the person is walking towards the left.
person crouches down from standing position
a man lifts each knee to his elbow multiple times and then does a squat.
a person running forward quickly.
person quickly walks forward and stumbles
a person's squats down using mainly their right leg, their left leg crosses their right leg, and then they stand back up
a person is holding their arms up by their face and then throws a punch with their left hand
person stands with elbows bent and hands tucked in close to the body, then flaps both arms up and down.
figure carefully tip toes forward.
walking backwards in a circle
a figure sways his body from left to right, extending his arms outward horizontally and swaying in a wave motion
a person is walking while holding something and then looking at their phone
person goes to sit on an object
a person walks into a path leaving a trail behind
a person walks to the right, sits down stands back up, and then walks back
a person walks towards the left making a wide 's' shape.
a man does 3 star jumps.
the person is bending their left leg behind them and kicking it around
moving arms towards chest then in a circular motion.
a person sits down, turns to their left, then stands.
jogging in a clockwise circle then in a zig zag pattern
someone cleaning up the house
a person using their right hand to wipe something.
person starts a run jumps and spins around then lands on right foot and comes to a standing postion.
a person puts his hands together and bows, then it takes a step to the left and bows again with arms at its side.
this person raises his right arm as if to check his watch.
walking side to side.
a person makes two short hops.
the person lift the dumbbells over their head
a person on their stands up by using their right hand to push off of the ground.
a person walks diagonally and raises arms in a t pose and seems to be balancing on a wide beam. then stops and drops arms to side.
a person doges to the left, then doges to the right.
the figure rises from a laying position and walks in a clockwise circle, and then lays back down the ground.
a person standing raises his right hand to talk on the phone.
person is walking and turning left.
a man walks forward, turns around and then walks back before starting to turn around again.
bending down and moving arms to the side.
a person begins walking and then turn left at 180 degrees and starts walking back where they come form.
putting arm out forward.
the person is turning the steering wheel.
a standing person scratches their head.
a person hinges their left forearm upward.
a person is very cold, and is shivering.
a man runs across a room to the opposite end.
a person is pushing with both their arms.
a person is walking, turns back and to their right, proceeds to walk again, trips, then turns back once more, limping now.
a person walks forward in a slight left to right and right to left sway.
a man steps side to side while stretching his arm across his body and waves.
the person got up from a kneel with his right arm.
man lies on ground moves head back and forth starting to the left
person looks to be throwing their hands around randomly on the spot
a person is standing with their legs far apart and begins squatting slightly on their right knee, then they bring their legs together into a normal standing position.
he acts like a big dinosaur
person opens something on the middle shelf, takes something from the top puts it on the ground, then takes something from the ground then puts it on middle shelf.
a person slowly waled forward
the person walks straight then turns right
the person stands up while holding their right hand above their head.
a man leans forward to pick up an object slightly to his left, and places it down slightly to his right.
a person walks up a slope.
a person is walking counterclockwise and making a half cirle
a person swings his left arm in an upper cut
a person waves their arms around their body as if performing some martial art exercise
a person is sitting, and talking with their hands.
a person goes from standing to squatting, and back to stand twice
a person is walking and steps over a large gap
an individual is running forward in at a normal paste.
a person stands on right leg,  while moving left leg to the back then to the left then to the right then to the back again.
a person walks a few steps forward, then turns to their left 180 degrees, and walks back to the starting point
a person is standing, begins to walk with difficulty stops
someone jogs in place, makes a quarter turn to the right and back, jogs backwards and then forwards.
a person quickly spins all the way around, pivoting on their left foot, and then sprints forward.
a man slowly walks forward a few steps, stopping in a standing position.
a person walking side then back words then back up around.
individual appears to be in a coversational movement using arms in a descriptive manner.
a man is walking forward in an s shape
person is doing jumping jacks
a person slowly walking while holdoing on to a rail.
a person rubs his hand down the front of his body.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person running on a spot
the person does a cool dance
a person dances to salsa music while swinging their arms.
a person walks forward balancing on something with both arms outward to their sides. the person then continues balancing on something as they turn to their left with both arms out to their side..
a person is walking forward.
person picks something up, shows it right then puts it down.
bouncing up and down while the wrist moves back and forth.
from a standing position with their left arms raised, the person flexes their arm first up and then down, repearing the action after twisting backwards at the waist
a person jumps few times and then jumps high
a person paces from right to left, and then back to where they began
a person tilts cautiously to the side then walks forward.
the figure jumps and lands with its arms and legs spread, and then jumps again returning its legs to its original position, but this time its arms are in the air, jumps again and returns to the spread out position, and this last time it jumps and lands in a squatting position with its arms still held out, before jumping and holding its arms back up in the air.
a person walks in a circle
a person grabbing something and then walking with object, while looking down the entire walk.
a person raises their left and lowers their right hand.
the person is swinging arms around.
person grabs right leg and holds knee to chest, extends right foot, then grabs thigh.
the person reaches to his left with his leg.
a man steps forward, then brushes something at knee height with his right arm, then steps back and stretches his arms out to either side.
he puts leg up and down
a person is hunched over slightly, then stumbles slightly.
person steps down from platform, walks forward, then walks back up on platform
a person takes a few small, short, leisurely steps forward.
a person checks their watch
person is flapping his arms like a lovely bird.
a person widens their stance and then stretches their arms out upwards.
a person makes a casting motion over their left shoulder and then reels in.
person is standinf still or holding something.
a person is walking backwards.
a person walks in a circle
the person put his arms out to the side and got down on his knees and sitting up on his knees.
a person stands with their forearms in front of them.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides bends his knees and jumps up and lands in place.
a colorful animated drawing moving around as if it is dancing.
the person appears to be drinking.
a person shuffles and rotates to his right before taking a few steps backwards.
the person is working normally.
a person moves around his head.
a man raises his left arm the lowers it.
running forward taking a left turn then running to the right
a person who is standing with his hands at this sides reaches down to his left, picks up something, moves the object to his right and places it down and returns to his standing position with his hands to his sides.
a person is quickly walking forward.
a person irregularly walks backwards, turns around, then continues in the opposite direction.
person walks six steps to side with left arm up
a person walks forward, turns right to turn completely, back to the starting spot.
a man is slightly crouched, and he moves his left arm, pauses with his arms at his sides, then brings his arms up, wiggles his hands, then slams his right arm down.
someone is stepping up a staircase and using the handrail
a person reaches to their crotch with their left hand and pull something down.
the man takes 5 curved steps.
the sim appears to bring a phone up to their right ear holding it in their right hand.
a man stands and stretches out his legs and lifts both of his arms.
a man is shadowboxing with himself.
a man uses his left hand to open something in his right hand and brings the right hand up to his face as if he's drinking.
a man bends his knees, jumps and lands back on his feet.
a standing person sits on the ground with legs crossed then stands back up.
a person walks in a circle motion with their hands up, infront of them.
the person stand and touch the head.
a man walks forward with a limp in his left leg and then walks in the other direction.
a person throws an object with a fast arm motion.
he puts his hand to his head
a man is blocking fighting moves with his right arm.
a person walks forward a few steps, breaks into a running jump, lands and continues to walk.
after standing a while, the person sidesteps to the left unsteadily.
a person walks forward, spins left, and walks back.
a man places his right hand on his neck.
a person bends over to pick something up with their left hand two times. then they turn around clockwise to walk away.
the person hops quickly before walking up the stairs
the person is doing an exercise warm up.
a person sidesteps from left to right then walks back
a person has his right leg on a ladder and goes down and up and stops
a man waves his arm in front of him from left to right, then up and down, to forward and back, then back to his side.
figure is leaning left and right with hands raised in the air stretching their back.
a person waves with their left hand
he moved backwards and then start dancing
the person is kicking the air.
a person jumps up and down twice while raising its arms.
person opens something and takes a drink.
a person shoots a bow and arrow.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
a person walking around bouncing a ball.
a man holding his arm up in a defensive stance with the left side of his body forward, staring with his right leg the man begins to shuffle backward 4 steps.
a person performing a left handed straight punch
this person raises his left arm as if to check his watch.
a seated person shifts their feet around, then pats or scratches their shoulder.
a person is staggering backwards then forward.
a man is performing some martial arts moves.
this person sits down with legs crossed then stands back up.
a person looks from side to side and then wipes quickly at their face.
person appears to walk around some thing then pick some thing up with the left hand and walks back to where they started.
a person jumps forward and then rolls forward on the ground and stands back up.
a person walks in a straight line, before taking a left turn and walking straight back, repeated several times.
a person is sitting with both arms out in front of themselves holding something, then they move their right hand away and make sliding motions with it.
the body walks forward then slouches slightly to the right.
a person walks forward, then pivots and swivels to their left before walking back.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
person walking forward and to the left
a person walks backward in a counterclockwise fashion crossing one foot over the other.
a person in boxing class
the man squats and moves his left arm on a counterclockwise circle and reaches up with his right.
moving arms up and down near face.
a person hops forward three times before walking the rest of the way.
man stands in one position roll neck around and rotate right arm continuously.
a person takes seven steps forward while swinging their arms in a walking motion
a person makes short hops from side to side moving from left to right.
a person swings a golf club.
a person takes two steps backwards.
a man wiggles his left foot, then his right foot and moves his hands around each other in a circular motion.
the person checks the watch on his hand.
a person move their right hand around an object, scrubbing it from all angles.
a person jumps forward and lands on both feet.
person is walkng down slowly.
a man is jogging in place, then he turns to the right and jogs to then end of the room, and then turns around and jogs back.
a person takes a step forward, then has both arms covering his head
this person walks forward, grabs something with his left hand and walks back then repeats it.
a man drops to the ground and begins crawling on his knees, first to the left, then to the right.
a man is standing, bend forward at the waist, and reaches his right arm to the ground as if picking something up. he then stands up right.
a person walks slowly on a balance beam while grasping the handrails.
the person is waving with his right arm.
person walking slowly in a circle
a person paces to their right, further to their left, then back to their right.
a person walks forward, reaches the edge and halts.
person quickly takes 3 steps in a straight forward direction
the person was stomping with his right foot.
a person lifts their right arm
a person jogs counterclockwise in a circle.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides, turns his head and body slightly to his left before walking forward four steps and stopping.
a standing person rotates to the left, turns back to face forward again, backs up to sit down and crosses their legs, then returns to their original standing position.
a person walks backwards, turns around toward his right and then walks away.
a person walks forward a few steps
person steps back then drags feet slowly against the floor  walking in a semi- circle before finishing facing back
the sim runs down the plane before crouching down onto one knee.
a person holds onto a counter or railing as they walk across the room.
a man raises both arms and waves.
a person seems to be running forward
person looks like they are jousting with another person.
a person steps forwards to a surface and seems to do some work.
a person side steps to the left and then stands up straight.
a person is flapping their arms wide.
a person jumps forward with two legs and lands on both of his legs at the same time.
a person is sitting down and turning a steering wheel.
a person sits down with both hands on their knees.
a person looks at their wrist and lowers their arm.
a person made a welcome jesture, while his right leg down a little
a person lowers to sitting position.
the person flaps his arms like a hummingbird
a man raises his right arm and the lowers it and raises his left.
the person is standing with his hands on his side.
person pacing from right to left ending in the middle.
a person walks forward a few steps
the person is putting his camera to his eye to focus on someone.
the person is walking back-and-forth.
a person walks with an odd gait, forward, and slightly to the right.
a person looks at an object in their left hand three times and then places it down on the ground.
this person is standing still with a slight movement of their right shoulder.
a person successively stretches his arms above his head, first his right arm and then his left arm.
a person is dancing, moving their legs side to side and waving their left hand in the air. they then raise both hands and wave them in the air, continuing to move side to side.
a person standing up and both arms up like a zombie
person is waving hi to someone.
a person with his arms at his sides, stretches his arms out from his sides, lowers his arms, jogs in place, then lifts his arms outstretched again and lowers them to his sides.
a person reaches to their left with their right hand then returns to their original position.
a person walks forward at a normal pace
a person walks a few steps, turns around and begins crawling on the floor in the other direction, then stands and walks the other way.
a person begins by facing forward. they then make a half turn, clockwise with their arms swinging out. they then walk six steps away before turning counterclockwise back to face the front.
a man squats slightly and then jumps forward several feet, ending in a standing position.
a man walks forward with his hands down at his sides.
a man kicks something or someone with his left leg.
a person walking side to side.
a person lifts the arms and moves their hands up and down, then stops.
a person holding something seems to ring a doorbell, then hands someone something, then finally receives something and waves back to the giver.
a person is walking then stops and sits down
a man raises his left hand and waves.
person walks to pick something up then walks back to wipe something with it.
the man jogs to the right then to the left then back to beginning.
a man stretches arms overhead then lowers them extended to both sides back to resting
a man drops to the ground and begins crawling on his knees, first to the right, then to the left.
someone lifts a weight-like object with their left hand.
the person is walking towards the left.
someone limbers up by stretching their right arm over their left side deeply.
a person does a 360 jump turn anticlockwise
a person does a squat, widens their stance by moving their right foot out, then performs a second squat.
a person does one jump forward.
person sits on floor with legs crossed
a person punches in front of them with their left hand while slowly entering a squatting position, then they stand up and stop punching
a person steps back and sits down, then stands back up again and walks forward
a man lifts something with his hands, and then places it back.
a person jogs in place and gradually picks up speed
a person lifts their left arm, then gets pushed from behind.
a person sits down slowly but changes their mind and stands up.
a man walks forward slowly with his hands on some kind of railing on each side.
a person is sliding backwards along the floor in a counter counterclockwise motion.
a man walks forward with their right hand on the railing and their left hand at their side.
a person lifts up both hands and rotates to the left.
the toon is walking slowly with their hands raised to the end of the plane.
a person sitting with their arms raised moves their arms up and down in a circular motion.
a person walked i right and left direction
person holds something in their hands and tilts that to the right then tilts it back to normal.
a person slowly walks forward and stops.
a person moves both arms around stretching.
a figure stands slightly crouched then gestures to someone at shoulder level
person jumps on spot two times
a person does a squat.
a person brings their hands to their face area and makes a motion similar to brushing their hair.
a person takes side steps to the right, then to the left, then back to the starting position.
a man walks towards the left then runs to the right and runs back towards the left.
moving arms around near chest.
bending at the elbow, someone raises their arm.
a person places right hand on cround and gets into a seated position on the ground. the person uses right hand to brace themself and gets back to a standing position
someone raise their left hand and wave
person seem to waving everyone to take their seats
a man walks forward turning to the left.
a person raised the right hand and pull it down
person is making stepping motion in place
a person standing straight bends the knees, reaches down with both arms, picks something like a box up and stands back up straight.
a person is performing side to side hopping
hands come together and pull back to the right side of the body then the right hand is thrown hard forward.
a person jogs in place.
shaking the hands like dancing.
a person swings their arms back and forward at opposite intervals, while stepping from side to side starting with their left leg
a person walks and sits comfortably with his hand rested .
a figure waves with their left hand at someone who appears to be leaving or in the distance
the sim runs down the plane.
a person walks forward, kneels down to pick something up and place it on a slightly higher position, before turning around and walking back.
a person catches a small object and lightly throws it overhand 4 times
a person holding his phone on the right hand and ear and talking.
this person has both hands in front of his face moving them in circles.
a person claps both of their hands together.
the person is washing the windows.
standing still and not moving.
a person jumps in the air
a person bends at the waist, picks something up, then puts it down at waist level
person is squatting and and raises both arms up straight out and then down. then at the end then raises arms back up
a person stands after sitting on the floor, walks in a circle, then sits back in their original spot.
the person is sitting down eating a hamburger.
a person walks to the right.
a man dances a waltz taking one step at a time.
person is doing a black magic spell.
someone is holding something to their ear
a person put his hand to uis face to yell
a person hops side to side .
a person performs several jumping jacks.
person walks forward and to the right, sqauts down facing forward, crosses hands together, then stands and turns counter-clockwise before squatting again and placing hands on knees.
a person puts both arms down.
a person walking trying to avoid things in his way on the floor.
a man steps to the side and then walks around while turning.
a person is standing, twirling his hands, and then motions hips in a circle; kicks left leg to the left and then kicks right leg to the right dancing to something.
person walks in a counterclockwise circle while swinging their arms.
person walks up then takes a large step to their right and then goes back onto the same path they were on
a man takes three steps forward and then takes two steps backwards. he then walks forward again, taking four steps.
a person reaches to their right with their right hand to grab something. the person then walks to their left and abruptly turns around and begins to stroke an object with their right hand.
walking forward in a diagonal line.
a person flexes then released his flex
a person walks to his right.
the first one was walking forward and stepped over some thing.
a person sits on a stool of some sort and brushes off their legs.
the sim appears to be standing an object onto their left side.
person takes six steps forward then stands still
a person runs in a line.
a person runs forward to throw with the right arm
a person jogs side to side.
a person alternates standing on their left and right foot, while moving their hands together in front of them.
person siting down dials phone then stands up to walk while taking then sits back down and ends call
a person walks counterclockwise in a circle, holding, and then, dribbling, a imaginary basketball.
a person uses their right arm and moves in back and forth at waist level as if wiping a table then walks and sets something down
a person walks towards the screen with their arms out and looking down like it was a tightrope.
walked from upper right to lower left the turned around and retured to staring point and squatted
the person moves the tray from the right side to the left side
person is playing catch with someone
person points using their right arm
a person shuffles several steps forward, jumps, and shuffles several more steps forward.
this person is sitting and rocking side to side.
person gets up brings hand up in a "what" motion then circles over to the left.
someone walks forward and pivots on his left foot and turns around smoothly
a man raises his right and left arms while exercising.
a person does a drumming movement with both hands.
person moves back sits down then gets up and moves forward
he stands with his legs bent and arms raised to shoulder level and places his hands on his knees.
a person waving his hand.
a person appears to be throwing an object with their right arm.
the person is lifting something from right to left
a person raises their right arm holding an object and then lowers their arm
someone runs slow and stops
a person walks with his left hand on his stomach.
a person jumps in place.
this person quickly raises both hands to face and lowers them.
this person is doing a dance.
a man runs back and forth between two points
a person strafes from left to right repeatedly.
a person scratches their head
a person walks forward a few steps
the person runs back and forth in short bursts changing directions after a few steps.
a person leans down to place something on the ground, and then stands back upleft.
a person posing like a model for a photograph shoot
a man walks forward, skewing slightly to the right side of the screen.
a person raises both hands above their head and swats at something.
a man performs a squat while lifting his arms to shoulder height and hands above his head.
a person punches with their left arm.
this person waves his hands all around and steps backwards.
a man walks clockwise in a circle
person kicks a ball forward
a person walks forward up stairs, then comes back down them
a person slowly walks clockwise in a full circle
touches left hand to right shoulder, and then right hand to left shoulder twice.
person is doing upper body stretches down to his toes.
the man standing up, step his right foot while bending his left arm and leg and face right and move his right hand like he is doing something while his left hand remains at rest
a person sits down and motions with their right hand.
a person jumps forward over something.
a person runs forward and then to the left.
a man organizing, using both left and right hands.
a person sits down and crosses its legs, then gets back up.
a person walks down stairs.
person takes a quick step forward
someone moves their shoulders and waist clockwise
the person is pouring some thing with his right hand.
the person first gestures toward the view with one hand, then brings their hands together and makes a rowing or beckoning gesture. then the person bends over for a second before standing back up and raising their hands above their head indicating a diving gesture.
a man stands on the ground, stretches his right and left leg and then stands with his hands in a bow shape.
a person holding something up
person raises both hands above the head, laces the fingers together, stretches upward and then puts arms back to the sides.
a person with their hands to their side, folds their arms in front of them, and then lowers their hands to their sides again.
a person takes a quick step backward.
a person walks at a fast pace straight forward.
a person is being pushed from behind hard and he moves forward.
a person catches a ball in both hands then tosses it back with their right hand, they then attempt to catch another ball but drop it
a person performing a clean cartwheel.
a person sits in place on an object.
a person is making alternating circular motions with their hands, as if juggeling.
a person lifts their hand up to their head then lowers it
a person stands up from a kneeling position using their right arm as support as they stand.
the person is sitting down.
a person picks up an object by bending down, then moves it to the right and places it back down.
a person is playing ring around the rosie.
the man is doing starjumps
a person taking 2 steps forward to lean on a table, checks under the table, and finally returns to original spot.
the man looks at his wrist.
a man is standing and holds his left hand out to receive or offer something.
a man jumps and spins around.
a person crawls backwards on the floor from side to side.
the person goes from a standing position to a crawl position where the palms and knees touch the ground.
a person throws something with both of their arms above their head (something heavy?).
a person stretches their right arm then their left.
a man touches one side with his left hand then moves left to stir his hand.
this person uses both hands as if to work very quickly.
a person looks around, walking
the person is picking something up and squeezing it.
standing forward, hands are at the side moving toward sides of the head and back down while the legs are slightly jumping outwards. creating a jumping jack.
man has his hands above his head and leans from one side to the other by bending his waist and then bends forward.
a person seems to be doing aerobics or some sort of dancing in-place.
the man is doing starjumps
a person raises both hands above their head
a person waves their right hand.
a person briskly walks around the floor in no obvious pattern
person throwing upper punch with his right arm
a person is walking and stops.
kick right leg step back
a person strums a guitar right handed.
a person sitting and readjusting position to the left.
a man stretches his hands to the left picks something and tilts to the right and then places it there.
a person squats down, stretches out left leg, pulls it back in and then stands up.
a person throws both hands above his head while taking a step backwards.
a person squats down and moves their hands around at head level
a person picks something up , shakes it, then pours it into something else
walking forward and then stopping.
user puts both hands together and pulls them back above head and then back down again
a person throws a shotput.
a person stands using his right hand to play a guitar moving it up and down.
the person is walking around.
a person walking quickly down steps.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides steps forward and uses his left hand to brace his body as he continues forward.
a person runs forward at a moderate pace, turns around, and runs back at a faster pace.
a person stands stationary, lifts something up with thier left arm, pauses, and then sets the object on a surface and lowers their arm.
a person walks forward and swings arms.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle and turns around to look after possibly tripping over something.
person puts up both hands to their right, as if to catch something or shield their face.
a person who seems to be sitting down
a person is playing basketball and move quickly to the left
a man takes four large steps to the left and then four large steps to the right.
a person takes a step forward then shuffles to the right. they take a step back and shuffle to the left. they do both motions again, then turn to the left before taking a step forward.
person walks backwards slowly, crouches, walks forwardss when crouching, and then sprints backwards. then, moves forwards again walking at a fairly fast pace
a person runs forward with a right curve
a man walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person bending floor deep with their arms outstretched in front of him.
a person walks forward, bends forward, puts up right then left hand, walks backward, bends forward.
he got something may be a cleaner then cleaned or worked on somrthing.
a person does a side step to their left
a person stands in one spot, bounces their upper body, and pretends to walk with their hands
the left arm goes up at shoulder height and goes across the body to the right and left again.
the person is holding onto the table and a handrail balancing.
person is in t stance, brings arms in, then returns to t
a man steps back 3 paces, then crouches low and walks forward 3 paces, then stands and walks back 3 paces.
a person nearly falls while legs are tied
person prepares food on a kitchen worktop.
a person lowers both arms down from a t position simultaneously then raises both hands forward in a thumbs up gesture.
a person walks backward in a straight path.
a person stretches their arms to the side and waves them back and forth in front of them.
person walks backwards flailing arms, then walks forward regularly
someone tryiing to fight while moving his body
the person is using both of his hands to pick up and move an object
a person walks around in a counter clockwise circle.
a person bends his arms and crosses them across the front of his body.
the person put down a box and continue to walk.
a person is waving his right arm.
the person faced forward and curtsied.
a person sits down legs crossed
a person lunges forward with one foot, reaching his arms out at the same time; this happens twice.
he raises his arms to shoulder level, and then he lets them down.
the person is holding up a telescope to the left.
a person is walking upstairs and climbing up the stairs.
a person stands still, then waves, then stands still
person turns one direction then other direction standing feet apart and arms side to side
cheerfully walking forward with each step.
the sim kicks both left and right leg twice.
person looks like they are jousting with another person.
a person walks forward, hops backwards, then defends themselves by putting their hands up in defense
a person walks slowly and a angle to their right, picks something up with the left hand, brings it to the face and then set it back down again.
this person gets on all fours and crawls.
person steps forward with their left foot and kicks with their right.
the person was acting like marcus.
figure appears to be picking something up
a person starts to walk forward with feet wider then normal apart and then jumps.
a person is performing a pitching motion as if throwing a ball.
a person walking forward, side by side, then forward, and then side by side again.
a figure does a short jog forward.
the person uses the handrail to walk up the stairs
a person moves their arms in circles in the same direction, but in opposite parts of the motion
a person walks forward then comes to a stop.
a person is walking on a treadmill.
a person sits down and keeps shifting his position, stands up, takes a few steps and turns around.
the left hand extends above the side while the legs step up to climb.
a person raises their hands and brings them closer to their face then lowers them
a person with its hand raised, gets down on to its knees.
the person is respectfully taking a knee for blm
a person walks towards the right side then turns around then walks towards the right side.
a person steps forward and kicks out with his left foot and moves back several times, moves forward and punches out with his right hand.
a person runs in place
a person walks with a drunken stagger.
a man steps backward and forward repeatedly with arms moving in front of him.
a person walks in a quarter circle counterclockwise
a person gets pushed to their right.
man sway arms from front to back as he walk south than he turns right, bend his knees, then climb over object, tuck and roll, stands up and go back to starting point.
a person turns to the right and picks up an object with their right hand, lifts it towards their head, then puts it back down.
the person is pouring out of a bottle.
a man walks forwards in a straight line at a medium pace, whilst gently swinging his arms.
a person jumps up and down waving their arms around, in a circle.
a person taps his left hand in the air twice. they then make a rowing movement on each side of their body and then outline a cloud infront of them
a person leans to their left and stretches.
a person touches something with his right hand.
walking forward then running back.
a person jumps with their arms extended to the side.
the person was facing forward and put his hands together.
a person takes two steps backwards, beginning with his right leg.
a person is using a skipping rope
a person walks diagonally across the platform, turns right in a 180 degree motion and walks back down the same path to initial position.
a man walks from side to side while holding his left forearm with left hand, and then walks back.
a person is sitting with the chin in hand, stands up, and then returns to sitting
the person sits down in a slow and twitching manner
person takes step back, turns around, then lifts hands to both sides
person is walking back and forth turning around.
a person bends over, then twists to the right and left, then leans to the right and left.
a person does two jumping jacks.
a person takes two steps back while throwing something with left their left hand.
stretching legs from side to side.
a man scratches one hand then turns around.
person is running on the spot but at 2x speed
figure appears to be pouring a drink
the person is making a forward jump.
the sim walks across the plane in a loop fashion before stopping near the end of the space.
a person does 3 jumping jacks in place then stands still.
a person dribbles a ball with one hand then the other and proceeds to shoot ball into goal with both hands.
a person rests their left hand on their left shoulder while periodically lifting their right arm and slamming it on a surface.
the boy kicks the ball with his left foot and it rolls forward slowly.
the person walked forward jumped over and went around.
the man windes  up and throws a ball.
the man is on a motorcycle
a man walks towards the camera, turns around, and walks back.
raising hand to face then lowering it.
a person walks and trips towards his right and then resumes walking.
a person is walking forwards
a person is crouching as if leaning against a wall, then stands up and turns to their left.
a person has his left arm up and drops it.
person steps out to side picks something up with right hand then holds it with both hands then turns holds something with both hands whilst stretched out both arms
the person is waving hello to someone.
a person walks slowly and a angle to their left, picks something up with the right hand, brings it to the face and then set it back down again.
a person walks slowly while steadying himself with his left hand on something (table).
the person has a conversation with his neighbor
a person with a red left side and blue right side raises arms to a t and then places both on the knees
a red and white stick figure is walking step by step in a straight line.
a person walks forward very slowly, while putting their hands on their hips.
a person walks while making a sweeping turn to the left.
a man stretches his arms out in front of him and then flaps his arms at his side like a bird.
a person waves with left arm, then right arm
a person grabbed the head with both hands
a person walks forward after appearing to lift something with their right hand and swinging their right arm slightly whilst walking.
person is shrugging his shoulders
someone is cleaning removing and putting objects
a person walks forwards and then backwards without turning and forwards again.
the man is standing still covering his mouth with his hand
a person walks around in a wavy/s pattern
a person lowers their arms to their sides, claps once, and then walks diagonally to the right.
this person stumbles left to right then to the left again.
a squatting person puts something up to their head.
a person walks low to the ground in a clockwise circle.
person is doing jumping jacks.
a person jogs in a counterclockwise circle.
he steps forward and turns around then walks around in a circle.
a person leans to his right side and kicks high with his left foot.
a person waves with their left hand the throws it outward repeatedly, turning to the left as they do.
the man is on a motorcycle
a person reaches their right hand forward above their head and brings it back down with the left and the reaches again.
a person walks forward, spins left, and walks back.
a man touches one side with his right hand then moves right to stir his hand.
the person is playing a guitar.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person is leaning forward and making rapid movements with their right arm.
a person screws something with their left hand, holding an object with their right.
person walks anti clockwise   from back to front
walking forwards and backwards in a line.
person jogs on the spot and turns to their right hand side
a person gives an gesture of i don't know three times and then stretches out arms.
a person stands still then takes one step forward
a person slowly walks forward with hands down at sides.
he walks forward straight directally
a person broadly gestures in a sweeping motion with their left arm.
a person who seems to be doing a dance move
a person is doing some quick warmup stretches/movements for their shoulders, chest, and back, swinging his arms front to back.
a person sits down on something, which deflates or breaks beneath him as he shakily sinks closer to the ground.
the person walks into an object that abruptly knocks it in a backwards motion
a person grabbed something with right and after walked forward and backed
a person walking and then taking a right turn
a person is walking with a kane.
the person is leaning on a table
a figure side steps first to the right and then all the way to the left before ending back in the centre
a person is dancing the cha cha.
a person doing strange hand gestures
a person walks in a slight curve to the right.
a person walks forward careful not to step on something on the ground.
a person carefully walks up four steps.
a person is standing and lifting left arm.
a person stretches their arms backwards, then clasps their fingers and stretches upwards.
a figure bends at the waist and makes a motion with the arms as if lifting something slightly and passing it from one side to the other.
a person scratches his head with his right hand.
a person runs, gets down on all fours and crawls, stands up and runs.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle.
a person walks forwards, sits.
person is waving with their left hand
a man takes one step to the right.
this man walks forward, using both hands to hold on to something on either side of them to balance themselves and help them walk.
a person walks forward to the right and then back to the left and then back to the right and then back to the left.
the person is walking with his arms out trying to balance.
a person walks forward then stumbles around as if they are drunk
a person walks forward, picks something up, sets it down on something a little higher, turns around and walks back.
a person sidesteps to the left.
a person throws something overhand with their left arm.
a person is walking in a straight line, turns left, then walks straight again.
a person uses their left hand to throw a ball then uses both hands to catch it.
a person claps their hands in front of them, drops them, then repeats.
a person walks forward while twisting their torso side to side.
a person swings both their arms.
a person holds their right hand above their eyes and lowers it.
a person takes a small jump forward with their arms stationed at their side.
a man is throwing his left arm towards the ground while walking forward.
a person stanidn then jumps right and left
a man jumps up in the air and lands in the same place.
a person walks down some steps with back facing the direction they are going.
person bends  over to grab something and acts like they are fighting off other people from grabbing the thing.
a person comes towards the camera seemingly flipping a coin in their right hand.
a person takes one step diagionally forward and right.
man walks slowly forward with arms raised above his head.
a person grabbed something with left and right hand and put it somewhere
a person is bent head over toes jumping and throwing arms wildly.
a person walks forward to the left, picks something up and walks back and then shakes what is in the hand.
a person walks making a square pattern, lifting his feet while walking as if he were climbing up and down stairs.
a person who shakes his hands then puts his left hand up
a person holding left arm out, while lifting and lowing right arm in sequence.
a person leans their body moving their right arm above their head past their left shoulder.
person steps forward holding item with both hands leant forward
a person squats down, bending at the knees and bringing their hands together in front of them, then stands up.
a person puts their right hand up to their face, lowers it, then raises their left hand up to their face twice
a personnlfots their arms up and down then appears to type something.
a person stands still and does not move.
a person steps over something.
a person throwing a right punch
a person walks forward and immediately makes a left hand turn.
a person swift the upper codre body, and start to stretch it
a person walks forward and slightly to the right.
the person has both hands raised to his chest as if he is holding onto something.
this person is stretching his left leg.
a peson walking using their left hand to balance
the man walks forward in an s pattern.
person appears to hold hands as if they are holding a guitar and strums the guitar.
a man stands tall and shuffles horizontally to his left.
the person walked forward and a medium pace.
a man stands slightly crouched, before bringing both arms up and slamming at the air in front of him, then bends his arms in front of him and returns them to his sides.
a figure places its hand over its heart
a person walks in a small counterclockwise circle twice.
a person walks side to side while raising and lowering both arms then puts hands on knees.
a person running to the right then the left to end up in the original spot.
a person steps to the right with their right foot, then moves their left foot to the back of that foot, then returns the left foot and right foot back respectively.
the person was pushed slightly forward.
a person has their right hand on their hip, and their left arm extended. they bend at the waist, imitating a teapot being poured.
a person punches right, left, and then right again.
on hands and feet a person crawls four paces on an angle to the right, turns and crawls back, and then stands up.
a person quickly folds their arms while standing up
person walks forward and turned left.
a person shuffles several steps forward, jumps, and shuffles several more steps forward.
a person standing on the place for a long time, and after moved slightly to the left direction
the person is standing relaxed, walks forward then turns around on their left foot, and walks back to their original position.
a person is speaking into a microphone while waving.
a person slowly walked forward and after scratch with right hand
a person walks to his right and walks back.
a person reaches back with an object, feign throwing, then throw it in front of them.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person is playing the violin
a man pats with his left hand twice; bends down with his left reeling back his hand back up twice and pats with his hand one more time then turns around walking forward
man is limping on left leg
a person walks to his left in a circle
a person recovering from a push to the right
a figure raises his left arm and aggressively points with this left index finger
a person turns around, backs up slightly, walks forward several steps, turns around and walks halfway back.
person walks while veering right
a person hunches over, curls both arms, and looks around anxiously.
a person walks up to a door, knocks, and leaves.
a person stretch his left leg backwards
a person walks in a bending route to the right.
the person is walking back-and-forth.
a person raises their hand up and down before backing up
a person who is running takes four steps forward and to his left, stops, turns 180 degrees, takes five steps the other way, turns 180 degrees and takes two steps to his left.
a man stands and looks down at his right wrist while twisting it slightly back and forth.
the person slightly stumbles backwards
a person walks towards the right side.
it looks as though someone is walking down and stepping off of an escalator and is watching the last step where the belt returns.
a person is holding his right hand up while walking to the left.  he then holds both hands up while continuing to walk.
a person sitting down gets up the walks forward, then turns around the walks back and sits back down.
a person steps backwards with their left foot and stretches.
the person is walking slowly.
person is standing and puts arms out to side
a person brings up their left hand from their side to touch their nose, drops their arm back down, and takes two steps backwards.
a kneeling person crawls forward, turns around, crawls back, stands and turns to the right.
a man raises and lowers his arms repeatedly.
a man walks forward slowly in a jagged line.
a woman jumps vertically performing burpees at the gym.
a person with arms down and relaxed makes a forward upward motion with left arm.
a person is seen to be sitting down and then gets back up
a man walks forward, stops and turns in a circle and walks forward again and picks some thing up. then turns in another circle and walks forward again
person appears to walk forward then liens on some thing with both hands then walks backwards to where they started.
person is standing there, tilting self to the side and standing there.
he moves around then stops
a person scratches different sides of their head with both hands.
a person is kicking with the right leg
a person sits down and keeps shifting his position, stands up, takes a few steps and turns around.
the person is happy while dancing with the baby
a person does a squat with both arms in front of them
walking forward then placing hand over heart.
person is walking normally in a circle
a person slowly walks forwards and veers slightly to their left.
a person kneels down and looks up.
a person walks forward very slowly, while putting their hands on their hips.
a person walks forward then turns around and quickly walks away
person is moving head from side to side in a swaying motion.
the person is warming up his elbows.
a person lowers, then raises their right hand as if throwing something in the air.
the person is squatting, bending at the knees, keeping their back straight, while extending their arms.
a person walking in a direction before turning around and walking in the order before squatting down.
a person is touching an object with both their hands.
a person roates their arm in circular motions, in varying sizes
the person is taking something from the right and sitting it on the left
a man shuffles his shoulders around left and right while he stands in place..
this person moves his left arm as if to wipe a surface.
a person warms up with stretches.
a person slides forward with their right leg leading, and then stops while moving their body backwards.
a person jogging in forward direction.
a person standing up extending both arms to balance themselves and then sitting down.
a person slightly raises shoulders.
a man walks forward, turns around and then walks back before starting to turn around again.
the person does jumping jacks.
with arms raised the upper torso bends to the right, center, to the left, center, then bends to the back and then bends all the way forward until hands touch the ground, rises back to standing
a man walks forward; right, left, right, left, right, left, moving three paces.
the person waves with their left hand then puts their arms outward then upward
a person jumps forward with the left foot, moves the right foot in front of the left foot, and then moves both feet back to standing position.
the person is rubbing his belly in a circle.
a person dances to salsa music while swinging their arms.
a person clutches at backpain with left hand.
a person walks counterclockwise in a circle.
person runninng to right side curves left while running with arms held at 90 degree angles at waist
the person is moon dancing backwards.
the person was walking forward normally.
a man is square dancing with a partner.
a person walks for side to side.
a man is standing still and then puts his arms on his hips and then lowers them.
a man raises his left hand to cover his face, then lowers it again.
person grabs or places something off of a higher shelf in the bottom left then walks to the top right then paces back to the bottom left to repeat the action.
person moves forward and uses right  hand to  pick something up and move to side
the man take 4 excited steps forward.
a person raises their left hand slightly, then sets it back down.
a person picks something up from a surface and turns to the right and uses that item on another surface.
a person standing in the left rear of the room performs a cartwhrl diagonally from left to right and ends in the standing position at the front right of the room.
a person is walking forward, turns around and then sits.
person crouches down and walks in a circle to start at the same spot starting from.
a person raises something to the the side of their face using their left hand.
a person walks forward as they raises both arm and sets them back down.
the person walks around in a circle but stops just before completing the full circle
walks forward, lifts object, turns around, trips
a person appears to be playing the violin.
a person jumps up while spreading the legs and lifting the arms up above the head several times, then jumps repeatedly by alternating the right and left leg forward.
a person drunkenly walks down some stairs.
a person on the ground starts crawling and ends up getting up.
person standing with outstretched arms, drops arms down to side, then lifts arms up with elbows bent, palms facing each other, then drops arms down to sides
a person is standing on the ground, the person turns upper body and swings both arms clockwise, then turns body counter-clockwise and swings both arms.
a person jogs in a straight line.
a man does four different body builder poses.
a person picks up a phone and holds it to their ear and then puts it down and turns away
a person catches a ball, pitches it, jumps up and catches it again.
swaying back-and-forth with their arms out.
a person is doing a workout circuit starting with bring knees to chest one at a time and then stepping back into squats
a man scratches his head with his right hand.
a person is jogging around the room.
person sits with legs crossed, then stands up
person lunges forward with right foot first repeatedly
this persons begins walking in a straight line and then stumbles to the left, he then catches his balance and stands still.
a figure repeatedly turns towards the right hand side
person bends to pick up something approximately knee high on right side with right hand. he rotates to the left and takes that object and rubs it against something before returning it.
a person side steps to the left followed by the right and back to the left.
the person was walking forward very scared.
a person walks to their right then their left then back to their original position.
person takes a seat on the ground with legs crossed and gets right back up to standing position
a man crosses his left leg over his right leg.
a person takes one step forward, jumps into the air giving their right leg out; after landing they take another step forward, make a swift counter clockwise turn before taking a last step forward stopping to pose with the right arm extended perpendicular to the right of the body and the left hand held near the front of the lower torso.
a person walks forward then stops and then they turn right and go down some stairs then they turn again
a person walks forward then turns and walks in a diagonal, then turns around and walks back.
the person is doing body stretches.
the person was getting in position to kick the soccer ball.
a person stepping back diagonally.
a stick fogure holds their arms straight up and then quickly puts them back down.
person staggers forward five steps and nearly trips up
he stays still then moves
the person walks forward and frequently, in an obvious manner, turns in place to look behind them.
a man runs in almost a zig zag looking pattern
a person walks in an angle forward and then stops.
a person walks forward and is pushed by something on their right side.
a person jumps one time and then walks forward.
a person puts their right hand up to their left shoulder, then puts their left hand up to their right shoulder.
the man carefully sits down on the ground and then stands back up
the person is standing still with their arms bent and reached out forward, their right hand and forearm is moving in an arc from right to left
a man walks forward with his arms loosely at his sides.
person picks something up with their right hand then walks forward
a person makes repeated punching motions in to the air, mostly toward their right side.
a person puts both hands together and spreads them apart.
a person feeling the back of their head.
a person takes a step backwards and sits down
a man is kneeling
a person reaches out to hold a rail with their ride hand and then ascends steps.
a man waved his one arm in the air and then he put it down and waved his other arm in the air.
a person walks in a diagonal to their right, and then scratches their right shoulder.
a person brings their left hand up to touch their mouth, returns their arm to the side, then swings both arms simultaneously up and away from them.
a person is stepping down stairs backwards.
a person waves with their right hand above their head, signaling to someone
a man steps around, walking in a counter clockwise circle, while twirling his body in a clockwise circle.
a person shakes their arms and shoulders and move backwards at the same time
a person walks forward on a ramp upward.
a person takes a large step to their left over an object.
a peron is doing arm stretches.
a person walking down a slope.
a person stepping forward to bow.
a person squats and stretches arms.
the man moves his right side of body towards left
the figure walks from the top to the bottom of the gray area, turns around and walks back to the top. the figure is high energy, skipping with each step and flailing both arms.
a person punches forward twice with their right hand, punches to the right, and then completes the same process with their left hand.
a person slowly walked forward and return
a man jumps while spinning in a circle.
a person holding something, is swing their arms side to side.
a person walks forward carelessly, turns around and lifts up their right arm, then turns again.
the person youโre stepping in for something theories it
a person stretches their arms to both sides and then walks forward.
a person walking slightly than average
a standing man loses a little bit of balance and his upper body leans and shakes toward his left.
a person sits down, then gets back up.
a person slowly throws punches with their right and left hands.
a person sits down, crosses their legs, and then stands back up.
a person walks slowly from one side to the other
a person holds something in front of them.
someone carefully looks behind them while backing up, then uses both hands to dip into a slight sitting motion.
character raises hands slowly to stetch their back while leaning left and right.
someone doing the chicken dance
a person crosses his legs while standing and then lowers himself into a so-called crab walk position, using his hands and feet to stop him from touching the ground.
the person is throwing something with its red arm.
someone trying to sit also balance
a person is drippling a ball and shooting.
someone pulls their hair back
person walking counter clock wise making almost full circle
a person picking up a item and about to place it down
a person walks slowly forward and stops after a few paces.
a man running, and coming to complete stop.
a person runs backwards and then changes direction to run forwards
a person raises their left hand to their face.
a person walks in a circle
a person lightly kicks an object on the ground
a person walks forward, picks up an object, turns and walks back, put the object down on the ground, continues walking, then leans down.
the person kicks something with their left foot.
a person stands while moving their right arm as if eating something with a spoon or fork three times.
the person rotates right and to the left with their arm up, rotates back and to the front while reaching their feet, and puts their arms down.
the right hand hooks upward.
running forward and then stopping.
a person slowly kicks with their right leg.
a person holds their arm out in front of them then lowers it
person stands still with arms bent forwards, as if gripping some handlebars.
a person who is running jogs five steps to his left.
a person side stepping to their right, then side stepping to their left, and back again.
a man struts forward a few steps, turns around, and walks back.
moving hands onto knees.
a figure uses a rail or bannister to support itself as it climbs up stairs
it looks as if someone is greeted/surprised by a group of people and is excitedly showing his reaction with his arms swinging and leaning back in excitement.
someone is walking slowly to the right and then taking a bow, and then walking back, and taking a larger bow
the person is drying his left arm.
this person runs forward from left to right.
this person uses both hands as if to work very quickly.
a person walks to their right, turns and walks to the left, and then makes a final turn to walk back.
a person throws something with left arm, leaves left arm up.
a person takes seven steps to the right in a circular motion.
a person jogs right, left then back to where they started.
a person paces side to side
a person is sitting with their hands on their knees, swaying back and forth.
someone grabs something observes it and drops it
a person is kneeling down to sit on their knees.
someone is walking over a beam
a person appearing to be seated at a high stool opens and closes a laptop.
a person who is throwing a ball
a person raises his arms and starts clapping and then puts his arms down
a person raises his arms and claps quickly.
a figure leans forward as though impersonating an airplane/scanner
a person walking in a circle pattern
a person walks forward, runs, then turns around to walk back.
person doing the chicken dance by holding their hands to their armpit and flapping
a person moves in a circle while facing the same direction
person puts their hands on something and attempts to push it
a person has their arms extended as if they are dancing with another individual, stepping backward & forward in a diamond-shaped motion.
a man walks forward in a curve to the left of him.
a man rotates his left arm in a wide circle in front of him, then does the same for his right arm, hanging the right arm in the air at head height for a second.
person is walking straight ahead
a person throws his arm over his head as if throwing something then bends down a catches something on the ground
mans has hands over head before flexing his muscles
a person stands with his left hand in front of his body.
a person sits down, then gets back up.
a person grabbed something and made a circle and after put it somewhere
a person walks forward two steps turns on right foot walks back two steps
a man raises his left arm up to his head, brushes it, and then lowers it to his side.
a person picks up something, and then rubs what they picked up on something.
a person picked up an item on the left side then placing it down on the right side.
spinning around and walking in a diagonal line then back.
a person is walking slowly in zigzag
a person walks confidently in a counter counterclockwise circle.
the person slowly works forward, using both of their legs and feet.
a man throws with his left hand.
hopped on left foot swieled arms
a person imitates water coming out of fountain then using both arms imitates an aeroplane and then a fountain again
a man clasps hands together and raises his right hand waves.
person walks backwards to make a counter counterclockwise circle.
a person walks and stops, then bends foreward while touching left knee with left hand and reaching to touch something with right hand, then cautiously steps backward and stands.
person holding something in left hand but gets pulled and has to chase
a person lifts up right hand to face then looks right then left and then puts hand back down to their side.
the person leans forward and does a scooping motion with their arm and hand and turning to the right. the arm is then shot up straight and then they do the scooping motion again. the hand extends straight and then up to the sky.
a person reaches their left arm up and over their head, stretching in a crescent moon position.
a person walks a little sloppy, then steps over something before looking excited to finish his walk by turning around.
a standing person leans forward and down then back up placing both their hand up infornt of their chest then elaning forward and down
person runs downwards in a curve while swining his arms
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a man takes a big jump forward.
a person rotates their body in a circle by bending at the hips.
a man steps forward and walks in a quarter circle to the right
walking side to side.
a person remains relatively still in comparison to a bipedal organism and walks at a slow pace, clockwise at about a 30 degree angle.
a man is leaning backwards alternating hands. he stands up and walks a few steps before leaning back again.
a person standing with arms wide open while spinning his/her hand in a circular motion while waving it. he/she then moves his elbow in a circular motion and then moving his waist in a circular motion and then kicking with his/her right and left foot.
a person starts with arms crossed then drops them to their sides.
a person walks in place
a person is catching something and then throwing it back with his right hand.
a person rotates their body in a circle by bending at the hips.
a person is walking in a circle while swinging his arms around.
a person stretches both arms to their side and hold it for a few seconds before releasing
a person crouches around and puts their hands to their ear to hear something.
the person is walking and turned right
a person takes two slow steps forward, pivots on their left foot 180deg, then takes two more slow steps forward.
running and doing a summersault.
person walks forward and kicks, then walks back and repeats
a person walks around in an "s" formation.
the person took a jump forward.
a man is swinging from a bar and then dismounts.
the person raises both their hands in the air twice
a person is walking backwards.
a person kneels down onto the floor.
a man stands and raises his hands and moves them in circular motions,walks foward and turns clockwise in a c sha
a man is catching an object and throwing it back several times.
a man walks in a clockwise circle.
the person is trying to unscrew a bottle cap.
the person walks sideways in both directions.
a person runs forward, then turns around and walks in the opposite direction while swinging their right arm.
a person is pretending to be a chicken
a person walks to the right and starts to jog and then reverses and runs back the opposite direct and then does this 2 more times.
a person is stretching using his right arm.
a person walking around in a balance beam.
a person lifts their right hand and places it palm down at shoulder height. then raises both hands and returns them to original position.
a person is making a high kick with his right leg.
a man simultaneously lifts objects with his left and right arms.
bending down and grabbing something.
a person walks down stairs holding on to the railing.
a man takes a few steps backward.
a person cartwheels forwards and turns to cartwheel backwards.
a person picks something up with both hands, places it on their head and fastens it down.
a person side skips to their left, then they side skip a few steps to their right and back again to their left.
the man moves to his left
a person is walking forward slowly holding onto something
a person jumps in a ninety degree circle.
a person moves an object from a surface from their right to their left
a person is holding their hands up to their chest.
he sits down slowly and comes back up
a man walks in a slow clockwise circle, though he turns sharply to his right before the circle is complete, then turns again sharply to his left before stopping.
the man is stirring to the right
a person waves enthusiastically with their left hand.
someone kick twice doing karate
this person has his hands in front as if to direct a crowd.
this person uses both hands as if to mold something.
a person puts their arms above their head and stretches
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person appears to be pushing against a wall.
the man walks in a circle twice, beginning with his left foot and and ending on his right.
a person grabebd something with left hand and went backwards
the person is doing some strange dance.
the person is kneeling down with his right hand.
a person throwing a punch upwards similar to a uppercut motion
the person looks around and moves their body in a swirling snake-like movement.
person is bent down trying to pick up stuff, left arm is moved to the back, picks up more stuff and touches back again while bending down
a man raises his hands and holds something up near his eyes like trying to scrutinize.
a person moves their arm forward then back while squatting then standing
a person does a swimming motion while standing.
a man runs his right hand up his left leg several times, then his right, before stretching his left arm out and moving his right hand to his shoulder as though preparing to wash it.
a person lifts object with two hands and throws with right hand.
a person picks and item up and then lets it go.
person jumps into the air
the person is standing with his arms out on his side then claps and then walks forward.
the figure walks foward from right to left.  i looks like it is is holding onto something for support.  the movement seems slow and laboured.
a person holds a violin with his right and and plays it with his left hand then puts his hands down.
a person walking slowly with his feet apart .
a person appears to open something, like a microwave, and then take something out and place it on the ground.
a person walks forward and turns to their right.
a person walking up an elevated surface
a person jump and turns 90 degrees.
the person is doing jumping jacks
the person was walking forward turned around and walk the other direction.
a person runs to the right then quickly to the left.
a person is walking backwards.
a figure hops forward several times
a person walks forward, turns around, and jogs forward.
the person standing still looking around.
the person is doing a freestyle swimming stroke.
a person stretches toward their let with their right arm.
a figure throws with their left hand then perhaps catches
a person lifts both hands together in front of them, then motions as if putting something down with each hand.
a person locks fingers, reach up down left right.
a figure throws a ball and catches a ball
a man moves backwards to the left and dodges something, then diagonally and dodges something else.
a person lifts both arms towards head, brings them back down, and turns toward the right hand side.
a person jumps to the left side.
a person slowly waves his left hand.
a person holds the right side of their jaw like its painful.
a man walks in an uneven line in a tentative motion, with his back hunched and his arms drooping towards his side.
the person is doing stretch poses.
a person hops twice, crouching slightly before each jump and keeping their arms low at their sides.
he walked over a high object which was in his way.
the person was getting a food delivery.
a person jogs in place for a moment, stops, then turns to their left and jogs in a counterclockwise ellipse returning to the point they started from.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
person walks forward pick something up then walks back and stoops down then stands up.
a person is standing with hands togething and bending over stretching.
a person raises and lowers their arms out to their sides multiple times.
a man sidesteps to the left before sidestepping back to the right.
the person is acting like a human bear
the person was doing some thing with his left hand.
a person leans forward while reaching to the right then the left.
a person walking forward, then a 180ยบ counterclockwise spin, then walking back to the starting position.
swings left arm up to head
a person turns to his right to pick up a telephone, hangs it up, and then turns back to his left.
person is flailing arms and covering mouth
a person, walk forward and turned right side, and kept walk
a person walks in a wide winding path, making wide incomplete loops with his arms held low at his sides.
a person walks diagonally to the left, turns around, and walks diagonally to the right.
a person doing a clockwise spin and then jumping.
a person walks slowly in a circle but then jumps back abruptly and continues to hop around.
a person imitates a chicken by bringing their hands up to their sides and their elbows are out flapping their arms and moving their head back-and-forth.
a person waves with left hand.
a person walking in a counter counterclockwise direction
a person walking up an elevated floor.
a person crouches slightly to pick up an object, horizontally, flips the object vertically, before placing it back in a horizontal manner.
a figure seems to gesture contritely or sincerely with their right hand as though entreating someone
a person unzips their pants.
a person punches upwards with right hand.
a person sits down with both hands on his knees.
the person is fluttering his arms and kicking is like in a dance pose.
a person slowly walks in a half circle clockwise.
the person is bouncing something betweeen both hands.
a man walks forward, turns around, walks diagonally, then turns around and crouches.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back  in the opposite direction.
a person is dancing with expressive arm movement and then jumps forward
a person turns around to the right and continues to walk in a u shape.
person standing then washes window, puts both hands in air.
the man does a short step
person is sitting down leaving at someone with the left arm.
someone is doing jumping jacks in slow motion.
a man rolls his neck with arms outstretched and then swings his arm.
a person walks down a path taking 3 meaningful steps.
a person curls both arms up and down twice.
a person jogs forward, turns around, then jogs in a angled line to the right.
the person is very sad while walking forward
a man moves side to side and  spins trying to make a salsa dance movement.
a person bends to his right to touch something.
a person slides from side to side 2 times then takes off running while looking forward the whole time
a person walks towards and up the stairs.
a person limps with their left leg hurt.
a person performs a handstand.
person appears to walk around some thing then pick some thing up with the right hand and walks back to where they started.
a person who performed a left handed uppercut
a person who is running jogs five steps to his right.
a person stands with an umbrella; they lower it in front of them and pull the umbrella closed.
a woman, appearing to be doing yoga, bends backward and makes a bridge with her body. she then lifts her left leg up straight and plants back down and stands back upleft.
a man puts something down in front of him with his left hand, then remains still with his arms at his side for several seconds, before lifting his right hand.
a person walks side to side with arms extended as if dancing
the person is doing the cha-cha dance
robot is jumping vertically and uplifting his arms while jumping.
a man climbs up words, with his right arm slightly outstretched.
a person lifts both of their hands around their mouth to vocalize something while looking to the left and right.
a person squats down and shakes their arms up toward the sky
a person throws a ball with his right arm, then catches a ball with both arms up by his right shoulder.
a person walks down some stairs casually.
a person dancing, starting in a t pose, the. turns, continues to dance and finishes with another turn
walking forward and then to the side.
a person gestures dramatically with both hands while walking forward, to the right, back, and to the left.
a person crawling on his knees and hands strait and then turning around and crawling towards his original position
a person who seems to clean a surface and then throw the dirt
a person stands still for a few seconds, before sidestepping to his left.
a person wipes a surface with right hand.
a person walks forwards, sidesteps right, then backwards and to their original spot.
a man swings with his right arm, then his left arm and then spins around.
a person moves forward quickly, and spins while twirling their arms above their head
someone is posing woth their left leg out straight, their left are bent 90 degrees, and their right arm fully extended with their right hand anove their head.
person is waving hands up.
walking and turning to walk more
the man is lifting an object over his head using his shoulder muscles then squats down and returns to his original position.
a person waving at someone.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle swaying one arm and keeping the other arm still
a person looks down while stepping to their left.
person raises arms and moves clockwise
a person is walking forward and slightly to the left.
a person takes small steps and moves while crouching
a man picks something up with his left hand and mixes it and then steps back.
a person is playing basketball.
a person holds up their arms and makes sode to side waltz like motions with their feet.
a person runs forwards, crouches beneath an object then runs forwards.
a standing man leans down to a kneeled position with his right knee contacting the ground and his left leg planted foot down. the man then stands up.
a person picks up and answers a phone with their left hand.
a person slides to their right and appears to step over something, then begins jumping up and down and swinging their arms slightly as if they are jump roping.
the figure shambles from side to side, only ever moving in quarter circle motions.
a person slowly walked forward
a person belly crawls forward.
a person walks to the right, sits down on an object, then stands up again.
a person walks backward while sliding their feet, turns around and repeats the motion.
the man appears to hold both hands as if something were in them and rocks them back and forth.
the person hopped on his left foot then he hopped on his
a person checks what time it is on their watch.
a man squats deeply three times while raising both arms in the air as if holding a dumbell.
a person steps down some stairs.
person is walking back and forth turning around.
a person hops on his left foot and then turns in place in a counter counterclockwise circle.
a man lowers his arms, then moves something in front of his face.
a person walked in right and left direction
someone rubs their belly with their right hand and rubs their head with their left hand at the same time.
a figure does jumping jacks
a person holds his arms bent at his sides and steps forward with his left leg two times.
a person does a small jump
a person has his left hand in the air.
a person slowly walked backwards
a person side steps to the right then the left.
a person holds on to the handlebars while riding a motorcycle
a person walks swaying side to side walking in a slow circle then veering upwards at the end.
a man steps around, walking in a counter counterclockwise circle, while twirling his body in a counterclockwise circle.
a person has both hands together and is moving them in the air.
running on the same place.
a man standing seems to be holding something in both hands, tilts it to his right, then brings it down level again.
a person raises his hands overhead, steps up onto a beam, walks on the beam and then steps down off the beam.
someone moves to the left and then to the right and back to starting position with arms straight by sides.
a person is carrying a heavy object in the right hand.
person walks forward and to the left, sqauts down facing forward, crosses hands together, then stands and turns clockwise before squatting again and placing hands on knees.
a person hops in place.
a person swings their left arm in a large forward circle motion, then swings that same arm in a large backward circle motion, then swings their right arm in a large forward circle motion.
a person repeatedly gets hit in the face, making them stumble backwards.
a person sitting on the ground throws something with his right hand twice, stands up and throws something again with his right hand
a man starts with his left arm up near his head, then lowers it so both hands are on his thighs, then lifts both hands to chest level, shakes them, and returns them to his thighs.
a man walks in a clockwise circle calmly with arms swinging to his sides.
a person slowly walks backwards
a person throws with their left arm.
a person slowly brings their arms down, claps, and then sits down
person is making hand gestures
a person stands up from a sitting position, makes an overhand throw motion, and underhand throw motion, then a basketball shot motion.
person was waving with his right arm.
a person takes one step forward starting with their right leg.
a man sits backward onto a stool, waits a moment, then stands up in front of it again.
a person walks in a circle while using their left arm and hand in a clawing motion over and over again.
a person struts forward slowly with swagger.
the person is a leaning over.
the person is posing like a zombie.
a person is doing a dance
a person walks on a treadmill at a slow pace.
the man squats and moves his arms.
a person walks forward at mid pace.
a person is squatting while mimicking felletio.
a person is dancing ballerina
a person takes a few steps forward, throws with the right arm, then a few steps back to the starting position.
the person is walking back-and-forth in an s shape.
the sim is standing with their arms extended bringing them inward & outward appearing to be in a exercise routine.
a figure skips happily in a circle
a man is moving his hands up at shoulder level and then repeat this motion by circling his hands.
a person gets up, and moves an item with his right hand.
a person is pantomiming there is a wall in front of him by pretending to touch it high and low.
person is stratching their arms.
a person walks in an "s" path and stops
a man walks in a line.
crouching and then jumping.
a person sways slightly from right to left and uses him arms as if to balance himself.
the person steps forward, then runs forward.
a person walks in place.
a person squats with their arms above their head.
he walks back and forth over some small obstacles.
a person that is shaking their right hand and moving the left near their head
a person is lifting weights
person is getting a shower and picking up something with his right hand.
the person is jumping forward.
the man is jogging on the spot
the body paces back and forth, then lifts the right arm in the air, and continues to pace back and forth.
the man is doing push recovery stand
the person is walking down steps waving his arms.
the person got down on their knees and hands and crawl across the floor.
the person bats their arms forward, walks forward, then backwards
a person raises both arms then dances around and makes a kick with left leg
the person pick something up from the right and sat in on the left.
a person does a four cartwheels, each time coming back to where they started
a man stumbles forward and then swings his arms before stepping back.
a person stretches their right arm, which is raised above their head.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person jabs with their left and their right over and over.
a person moves shoo's something away.
a person picks up an object with both hands and carefully places it on a pedestal then returns to get another piece.
the person faced forward and curtsied.
a person slowly walks from side to side going forward.
person walks slightly to the left
a person put something down and slowly walked forwards in right direction
the subject takes 2 steps backwards, right leg moves back first followed by the left leg.
a person walks forward, climbs a ladder, then climbs down
a person walks in a clock wise motion.
a man holds his arms out side to side and then interlaces his fingers to give them a good stretch as he bends them backwards.
a person walks forward with both arms raised high above their head.
person is warming up by twisting their arms round in a circle and jogging on the spot
a person walks forward to the left and then back to the right and then back to the left and then back to the right.
punching the air slowly.
the person is picking something and putting it on a shelf.
a person walks in place.
a person steps downstairs while holding on to the rail with his right hand.
a man swings his arms forward  then runs towards the right side.
the person is walking around in a strange way,
a man walkes slowly forward
the person is standing still posing like a zombie.
the person is dragging his bad leg while walking.
a person uses their right hand and put it forward and then back down again
a person walks forward to pick something up then walks back.
a person sits on the ground and gets back up.
a person puts both arms down.
a person walks to the left turns around walk to the right then walks back to the middle.
a person backs up, gets down on their hands and knees, then crawls forward, then stands up quickly and turns in a counterclockwise motion.
a man pets a large dog.
a person hops on his left foot, turns and steps on his left foot, turns and steps right foot, the a long step left foot.
the man is stretching his body
person is crouching down and crawling.
a person lifts up their right leg, and makes small hops on their left leg.
person walks to the side then crawls under something
a person walks on the spot and then in a backwards circle
a person does a circular motion in front of his body with his right hand.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person is stretching their left leg by pulling it over their head.
a person runs forward at a moderate pace, turns around, and runs back at a faster pace.
a person holds their hands together in front of themself.
a person is crossing their arms.
both the hand holding the left leg.
person raises both hands towards one another to their chest, then lowers hands back to โnormalโ position
a person runs in place for 4 seconds.
a person quickly scrambles around, moving its arms as it goes
a person reaches forward with their left hand and then with their right hand.
a person is jumping on their left foot and then lunging forward.
a person slowly walks forward and then turns around.
a person jumps in place, stops and then takes 3 quick steps foward
a person stands still with their elbows up.
a person drys off something with their right hand.
a man stirs something anti-clock wise with his right hand.
a person lowers their arms and rests their hands on their legs.
a person walking in a crouched over position
a person is head banging
a person appears to put their hands to their mouth, call out, and move their arms around.
a person loosening up by moving their arms , shoulders and legs slightly.
a man does a push up and then uses his arms to balance himself back to his feet.
a person walks forwards, which looks like they are walking on an incline.
a person is doing acting like a little teapot.
a person does a single jumping jack.
a person walks slowly forward then stops
a person takes off their t-shirt using their right arm.
a person pulls his knee to his chest to stretch
a person takes off their t-shirt with one arm.
a figure kicks their left leg behind them before kicking forward sharply with their right leg three times.
the person takes a sit than gets up
a person crosses his arms in front of his chest
a person is standing still, only slightly swaying both arms at the end.
a person walks in a circle, placing left foot in the circle.
the person walks forward and forcefully throws an object with their left hand
a man takes a few steps backwards, swings with his left arm and punches with his right arm.
the man turns his head to look to his left then turn and looks to his right.
a man stands with his arms crossed, then drops them to his sides.
a person claps both of their hands together.
the person walked backwards turn around and then walk backwards the other direction.
a person is performing jumps
a man sprints forward in a diagonal line slightly to the right then stops by shuffling his feet to slow himself.
a person walking to the right and then to the left and then to the middle
this person appears to be speaking on a phone, holding it in his right hand.
a person walks like a mummy with their arms up.
person is doing 360 jumps
too is walking in a reverse circular motion, raising both hands as to block something, raising their right hand to make the blocking motion again.
a person picks up an object with both hands and lifts it to the left and then returns it.
a man steps forward and sits down on the ground.
person is sipping a drink
woman model walk in curved line
a person appears to be hitting a ball with their left hand.
a person throws something with their right hand, then holds both hands up together in front of chest
a person lifting up their left shoulder.
a person with their arms raised starts to set it down.
person walked forward and picked up the laundry
person walks five steps forward whilst holding left hand extended to the left hand side holding onto something
moving hands up and down in sync.
a person was sitting on the knee, and grabbed something with left hand and lean to face
a person walks up to shake with their left hand, turns slightly left to shake again, and turns left again to shake for a final time.
someone puts their hands on something in the order left-right-top-bottom.
i person side steps to his left, sliding his feet across the ground.
a person does a jumping jack.
a person walks forward, backward, and forward again.
individual appears to be using arms to bounce an object with the left hand.
person scratches head with right hand
a man stands arms at his side jumps up and down 5 times on both feet slowly.
user takes a couple steps forwards then precedes to turn around pivoting on left foot
a person does jumping jacks
the man walks in an irregular circle returning to the starting point.
the person takes a shot with the shotgun
person opens container then drinks it with right hand
a person appears to be dancing
a person gets down on their knees.
a man begins in a standing position.  he reaches out with his right hand to grasp something nearby at waist height.  he then steps forward a few steps and extends his right hand out.  he ends by returning his right hand to his side.
from a standing position a person sits down
person is walking straight ahead
a person leans to his right.
the person did a little hop and then walked upstairs.
a person kicks with their left leg, does a jig with both feet, and slides forward and kicks with each foot.
a person slowly walked forward in left direction
a person lowers their hands, while knees are shaken side to side. the person then squats, stands ups, and then shakes right foot in the air, then shakes the left foot in the air.
the guy is flexing his arms up and down.
a person is waving with both hands.
a person shuffles to the left and then back to the right.
a standing person readies and loads their gun into shooting position, then continues to shoot their gun, firing right to left in a sweeping motion.
a person kneels down while touching something.
person gesturing their hands towards their face similar to cheering and then proceeds to bend down to one knee to tie shoe laces
person brings right forearm up to their eyesight like they are checking the time on a watch.
person is walking down the stairs with their arms by their side
a person walks to his left.
a person walks forward taking small steps.
a person waves with their right hand.
a person takes a step forward with their left foot and leans forward to pick something off the ground with their left arm while lifting their right leg straight behind them and then standing back up again.
someone walks from side to side
a person standing up strikes their hands together well above their head.
a person walks backwards and stops.
the person is sewing something together.
a person is slightly crouched and looking around
a person jobs forward before coming to a stop
a person throws a forward punch with left arm
the man leans over to pick something up, comes back to standing position, walks forward, picks another thing up, and turns around to walk back
the sim climbs up a few steps before climbing back down and walking to the opposite end of the plane.
a man emulates jogging, shuffling around in a couple clockwise circles while keeping his body facing forward the whole time.
the man walks forward at a medium pace
the person was getting a food delivery.
a man steps forward and picks something off the ground.
a person walks straightforward from edge to edge of the rectangle and then stops.
a person waits for music to begin, then starts dancing.
a person takes a few slow steps forward while lightly swaying their hips.
a person shifts from foot to foot, glancing around his surroundings.
he jumps over the beam then stops
a person walks forward after appearing to lift something with their left hand and swinging their left arm slightly whilst walking.
the man walks forward at a normal pace
a person walks forward and is pushed to the right but recovers to original trajectory.
a person climbs something and reaches to their left with their left hand.
a person spins while slinging an arm in the air on around the circle.
a man walks forward limping on his left foot. he walks slightly to the left.
someone is dancing the cha-cha.
a person jumps in the air while putting arms and legs out.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person down on their left knee with hands behind their head, stands up and stumbles around with their hands down, and continues stumbling around as they put their hands out to the side.
the person stands still and moves a few things around with their left hand.
a person jumps up and down.
a person gets down on their knees.
a person is walking while moving around his arms.
the person is making a left turn walking.
a man standing put both arms out and back down.
a man walks from side to side
the man strikes a pose with his arms in the air
a person sits cross legged then stands up
a person crouches, ties their shoe, and then stands up.
a person bends over and touches both of their toes.
a person steps to the left and slowly sits down on the floor, their legs buckling as they do so.
a figure lowers their arms and then seems to make the sign of the cross?
a figure is walking forward at a moderate pace.
a person walks forward, swings their right foot to the left in order to turn around, and then walks back to their original position.
a person moves their right hand along the ground in a counter-clockwise direction.
walking backwards and then forwards.
a person walking to the left and then turning around sharply walking to the right, making a circle.
a person walks straight forward and then turns to the right.
a person seemingly looks around while they are in a crouched position.
a person that steps to the right and then steps back to the left
a person raises their arms in the air while walking down an incline.
a person walks fast forward.
a standing figure makes an overhand throwing motion with his right arm.
a person puts his hands together and bows, then it takes a step to the right and bows again with arms at its side.
the person is waving hello with his left hand.
a man reaches out with his left hand and moves it in a circular motion in front of his body
a person is walking really slowly.
a person slowly walked by side
a person raises and lowers their left forearm, like they are lifting a dumbbell.
a person throwed something with right hand
a person walks at a slight angle to thier right.
person is walking back and forth.
a person walks forward using a wide stance, as though avoiding a large object.
a person marches forward, turns around, and then marches back.
a person takes a step back with their left foot, raises their arms, and makes a throwing motion with their left arm.
person puts their right arm around their head/ear area
the person drags their injured left leg
moving arms up above head then out.
the person throws something with its red arm.
a man lifts an object with both hands and then kicks the object with his right foot.
a person walks very slowly forward.
a standing person folds their arms and then unfolds them.
a person casually jogs forward.
a person walks forward and turns right.
a man has his arms in the air then twists his torso right and left and then up and down.
bends to the right, picks up something, turns, then sets it down.
the person walks in a straight line and places their right hand to support their weight against something.
the person is hanging froma pole and is swinging back and forth
a person grabbed something and hit with it something
a person has both hands on his legs.
a person is walking forward while trying to balance with his arms
a person waves with their right hand, then bows.
stand and moving the hands and head.
a person picking something up from the right and then placing it left
a person jumps as they extend their legs and arms in a jumping-jack motion.
walk forward and backwards dancing
a person waves with both hand
the person walked forward to the left and then turn around and jogged back to the left.
the person is chopping onions by holding the onion on the board with his right hand and chopping with his left hand.
raising hands above head.
a person slowly walked forward and leaned on something with body
a person walks slowly around objects on the ground.
a person fastly ran in left direction forward
a person moving body parts in a questionable fashion
a person slowly walked forward and left
look like someone is scratching their head with their right hand
a person throwing a punch upwards similar to a uppercut motion
the person was leaning forward to keeping in a window.
a man stands with his feet shoulder width apart.  he then picks up something from near the ground with his left hand.  he holds the object for a few moments and then turns and walks away to his right.
a person crawls along the ground on their belly.
a person is waving with his right hand, then extends both his arms outwards
a person walking down stairs.
the person is sitting down.
a man raises his arms high over his head as he steps forward delicately, then lowers his arms to his sides and stops in a standing position.
a man walks around in a circle clockwise.
a person jumped while raising the hands and repiting it
a person acting like a cat pruning and purring
a person runs to the right then runs to the left then back to the middle.
the man is walking slowly
a person takes four strides forward and then stops.
this person is jogging in place.
a person waves both arms in the air.
a person walks while hunched over.
the person is walking around the bend to the left.
a person tries to balance left foot infront of the right and wobbles slightly to the left.
a person walks forward while holding a handrail in their right hand.
person starts with right foot and casually walks forward.
the man walks then runs
a person raises their left hand then their right then sets them down.
a person alternately raises and lowers their arms, raising the left while lowering the right and vice versa.
a person takes a big step to the side.
a person is flapping their arms wide.
a person is pushed to the left then walks back right.
a man jumps up and down, flapping his hands.
a person is walking forward and comes to a stop.
a person lowers their arms and then jogs in place
figure is walking in a clockwise pace.
a person looks down to the ground, steps back with the left foot, and then right, squats to sit down.
a person taking side steps and making a circle.
a person scratching their head
the man walks forward and lifts an object from the floor and places it on a table turns and walks back.
the person is holding onto a handrail to walk.
the man is making gestures
a person walks while holding on to something.
a person drinks from a bottle in their left hand
man bends down to pick up briefcase with right hand and swings briefcase forward and backward.
a person acts like they are fishing.
walking forward turn around and then run back to starting place
a person stands with their knees slightly bent and their hands pulled toward their chest, twists to one side then the other side, squats further, and stands back up.
person standing lifts left around to head height
a person slaps their hands against their legs
a man bends his shoulder down go the ground while standing with his right foot forward and both hands up on the right side of his face.
the person had something in his hand turned around and said it on the ground.
a person walks forward then turns while using their arms to press against the wall
a person picks up something with their left hand and brings it to their face before putting it down.
a person is waving with their left hand
a person climbs stairs while using the railing
a person runs fast diagonal.
the person is walking then stops and walks again
a person walks backwards slowly, before moving to the left, crossing one leg over the other in a crab walk
a person walking forward four steps with their arms down beside them and then they stop.
a person does martial arts by blocking with their left arm and hand.
a person is standing with knees bent with his hands out to his side, then places his hands on his knees, then brings his hands back up.
a person stands still and then reaches and grabs something with their right hand.
a person is dancing ballerina
person has both hands in the air elbows bent then raises and lowers a few times
a person slowly moved in right direction
a figure walks a few steps forward before raising their arm and knocking, then turns around and walks away
a person does a golf swing
the man walking steadily towards me. he iswinging his arms very steadily. beat outturned and posture straight he is moving quite steadily and vigorously.
a person steps forward, then side to side then forward then side to side and forward once again.
the person is hopping on his left leg.
a person standing up leans forward slightly to the left and begins to sweep back and forth with their right hand above their left, then they lean slightly forwards to the right and sweep back and forth with their left hand above their right.
this person is moving as if excited and animated while speaking.
person walks forward, pauses with right arm slightly bent, then continues walking.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person swings arms back and forward to help jumping high several times.
a person jogs down stairs then jumps up with both feet.
man joins hands and cracks left wrist.
the person is handing soemthing.
a person wipes something with his left hand.
a person bends forward and touches their toes, then stands up straight again.
a person slowly walks counterclockwise in a full circle
the figure is pushing an imaginary object with two arms
a man lifts his right hand to his head.
the man is in a defensive pose
a man walks towards the camera moving right to left with a constant tempo between each step.
a person claps a round of applause
a person jogs forward then stops.
a person takes a step forward with their right foot
the figure appears to be jumping in a vertical manner reaching for something
he runs forward directly then stops
a man walks in clockwise direction.
a standing person walks forward then  does a turn waling back followed by another turn and walking forward again
a figure walks forward
the person is jumping rope facing forward.
a person holds both arms out to the sides, drops his left arm, and then raises it back up before dropping both arms down to his sides.
a person takes four steps forward then jumps straight up.
the man walks across a balance beam.
a person stands still then slightly moves their arms
a man walks forward quickly.
moving arms side to side then jumping.
a person is dancing and then jumps in place.
moving hands side to side.
a man jogging hastily, steps to his right and stops.
person takes one step forward leans down to pick something up and takes two steps backwards.
a person hops 5 times on his right legs walks backwards 4 steps then forward 4 steps
losing balance, moving backwards with both feet.
a person raises their right hand slightly, then sets it back down.
a person takes three quick steps backward.
a person lifts weight with both arms and bends legs.
the person takes a small step to the side, they then take a step back, pivots and turns like a dance, takes a step forward, then pivots and turns like a dance to step backwards, then pivots and and turns like a dance to take a step forward, then pivots and turns to take a step backwards. all while taking these steps, the arms are in a neutral position.
this person slowly sits down.
a person stands with arms swinging slightly side-to-side then walks forward a few paces, stops, and stands again with arms swinging slightly side-to-side.
a figure walks forward and to the left
a person is jogging around the room.
a man sits, pulls his phone out, answers the phone and puts it to his head.
person squats down, then jumps while raising his arms above their head. appears to be doing a jumping jack and being active
person looks like theyre salting/cutting their food
a person walks and picks something up, then walks back to the starting position and cleans an object.
a person brings their arms down
a man walks forward and then turns around.
the person jumps from the straight up position, then as that person keeps jumping his/her arms are swinging from the innercia while performing additional 2 jumps.
a person puts his arms to his side.
a person walks forward, spins around, and walks back
a person slowly walks in a half circle counterclockwise.
a person stands with arms out to the sides, then brings his hands together as if grasping a golf club, leans over, and strokes from left to right.
a person raises both their hands and flexes their biceps simultaneously.
a person raises their hands to their mouth as if shouting.
a person is walking forward using their left arm for support on something.
the person is cleaning something.
person is jumping up and down
a person walks straight then turn to its right then walks straight again.
a person takes one large step to the side and brings their feet back together.
a person briskly walks around and falls then gets up.
person is acting like a predator animal
a person walks upstairs while holding a railing with their right hand.
a person walks and sits on the ground.
a person walks forward, then turns to the left and climbs up something as they turn counter clockwise, and then sits down atop something.
the person is moving arms.
a person bends their knees and jumps twice straight up into the air.
a person walks forward with intent
a person lifts their right arm, returns it down, and walks backward.
a person walks in an s pattern from the right side of the room to the left aide of the room.
a person kicks something with their left foot.
the person is  sitting down and i think typing.
a person rocking back and forth in suspence.
a person dances in a waltz.
a person turns to run back and then turns to walk forward.
a person takes a large step and sits on a stool, then then stand back up soon after.
person person was walking forward in the straight line
a person walks around in a quarter circle.
a man waves with his left hand.
a person in a seated position uses their elbows and forearms to raise up to a standing position.
a person bring both hands together above their head with right leg up, then brings both hands down to the ground in front, then brings both legs behind them, glutes in the air, glutes to the ground.
a man walks forward in a straight line.
a person squats slightly, bending at the knees.
a man starts by creating a round motion before rocking back and forth with a baby for several motions, he then changes his position to begin the next verse
a man brings an object to his head with his right hand.
a person waves their arms to the side and forward
a person stretches their shoulders by moving their bent arms forward and backward.
a person steps up and right in one motion.
a person lifting something over their head.
a person boastfully meanders across a room in a confident manner.
a person takes a step forward then shuffles to the left. they take a step back and shuffle to the right. they do both motions again, then turn to the right before taking a step forward.
a person grabbed something with left and after walked forward and backed
a person stands up from the ground, walks in a clockwise circle, and then sits back on the ground.
a person is walking whilst holding on a handrail
person person is kicking in with his foot.
the person is running forward.
a person walks while hunched over.
a person grabbing something and giving it so someone
the person is running in circles.
subject kicks out left leg.
the sim appears to run & step / side jump over an object.
he was waving his hand
a person took four steps forward.
a person walks backwards in zig-zag motion
moving arms towards chest then in a circular motion.
a man takes sideways steps to his right, then immediately takes sideways steps to his left back towards his original position.
a man casually takes 5 steps up an invisible flight of stairs.
a person walks to the left.
a person holds both arms out and raises them straight up and down repeatedly, turns their body slightly to the left, then back to center while still lifting and lowering their arms.
a person explaining or asking something and then raising hand near face curiously.
person holds something still with the right hand and hits it repeatedly with the left hand
a person is walking in a circle while swinging his arms around.
the person drags their injured right leg
a person walking quickly down steps.
the person is standing there and walking around.
a person walks forward, spins right, and walks back.
a person, whose hands is swaying front to back, is walking in a clockwise circle while bringing their knees up as they walk.
a person steps forward with his right foot, then returns his right foot to its original position.
a person walks forward and whisks eggs.
the man puts something down and walks
a person picking something up from the left and then placing it right
a man gets on his knees and crawls to the the right and then to the left.
a man stands over top of a building and takes his hands on the edge to look down.
a person is walking down some steps from the top to the bottom.
a person has their hands up in a defensive position and kicks with their left foot
a person grabs something with their left hand and begins to type some with his right hand and then brings the object to their head.
a person raises their right hand, to possibly put something in their mouth, then raising the left hand as if to wipe sweat from their brow.
a person lifts his arms and waves both of them left and right several times before lowering them.
a person jumps and, while in mid-air, makes a quarter turn to her left.
a person crosses their arms then uncrosses them.
a person walks forward in a counterclockwise semi-circle
the person is crawling across the floor.
a person typing up there shoes and putting on a mask
the person is walking around slowly.
a person leans to his left while moving his right arm over his head to his left.
a person spins in mid air.
person has left arm raised high and shudders
a person has his arms bent at shoulder level, then moves his right arm over as he turns his torso before starting to return to his original position.
a person holds both arms out to his sides, lowers them, lifts his right arm up in front of his face and pushes forward, drags to the right pushes forward again, drags to the rights and pushes forward again.
the person is jumping rope.
a person walks clockwise and forward in a half loop.
a person holding their hands up and walking straight
a person uses knife to cut object.
a person is waving with their left hand.
a person steps onto a narrow walkway, unsteadily moves across, and then back down to the ground.
someone is standing and playing the piano.
a person is attempting to walk a straight line heel to toe like a tightrope or dui check point
person gesturing them walking backward
a man picks something up and then puts it back.
a person stands with arms out partway to each side, lifts his left leg, swings it forward briefly, then sweeps it in a semicircle behind him before moving it forward and standing again; he then repeats the action.
a person with his arms out from his sides crouches, jumps up into the air, lands and stands up straight with his arms out from his sides.
this person swings both arms around and back to front.
a person steps forward onto a structure with their arms straight out from their sides,  one foot in front of the other as if they trying to balance themselves, then they step off the structure again.
a person is walking around.
a person walks in a curve to their right.
a person picks something up with their left hand then wipes something with short motions
the man walks in a circular motion
a person takes something in front of them and sets it on the ground and repeats.
a person standing forward, and shaking the both arms, up and down.
person walks in veering motion to their right
a person goes backward in a almost straight line fashion while both arms are hanging down and swaggering.
a person who is poised to run, jogs a few steps forward, then pivots to his right and jogs five more steps.
a person reaches down to touch their foot, and then makes a series of jumps in a box shape.
a person walks down something, while their right arm is raised.
a person appears to walk toward an object, knock or tap with left hand, and walk away again.
the figure works backwards with arms behind them walking in a c-shape ending with their arms coming up to their side in what would be a t-pose but the legs arent together.
a person takes several steps backwards.
the person is taking stuff from the left and passing it to the right.
a person walks in a left diagonal then stops with hands slightly raised.
a person dances in a figure of eight movement as if they are waltzing
a person stretches their left arm then their right.
a person is sitting, and rotating an object in front of them with both arms.
the person is doing a tough guy walk.
a person stands waving their right hand.
subject starts in squat position and remains for two seconds.
the person jogs on the treadmill
the person is walking holding onto a handrail.
moving arms out while walking.
a man sidesteps quickly to his right, then back to his left.
a person walks forward as if stumbling while moving forward.
a person jogs down stairs then jumps up with both feet.
the person was scratching and ready to attack.
a person bends their arms at the elbows and moves them up and down
a man stands and balances his body on his left foot.
a man is leaning forward oh, looking like he's going to throw something with his right arm, but he seems very unbalanced like he's going to fall.
the man is pretending to be on treadmill
a person steps back and then goes down into a crawling circular motion.
person is working on their boxing form
a person crosses their legs and squats.
a person running on the same spot
a man shakes his arms and legs, makes a small jump and then stretches his body to the left and  to the right.
a man lying on his back with his knees bent and both hands bend with his hands close to his ears, then begins to preform sit ups by raising himself off his back and up to his knees.
the person is sat down and their arms are shaking
a person walks and sits down.
a person stepping back quickly in effort to avoid something.
a man is sitting with his legs apart and knees bent, with his left arm bent near his head, before lowering it to his side.
man is putting his phone in his hip pocket.
a man throws an object with his right hand, then catching an object with both hands.
the person is walking while carrying something.
person is walking while veering right
a person walks slowly in an arc to their left.
person standing walks forward then back with large kicking or marching gait
a person reaches in front of them with their left hand, then slide and press multiple things in front of them.
a man supports himself with his right hand, carefully going down to his knees.
a person stretches their back right hamstring, this is a feeling that feels pleasant if done correctly
person brings arms down, claps, walks forward and then sits down
a man walks forward and backwards.
a person stands on his right leg, swings his left leg out to the side, back, and then he returns to a two-legged standing position.
a person stands with their feet parallel to each other as they raise their right hand and reach forward to grab an object and then they lower their arm back down.
a person is crossing both arms across the chest.
a man waves with his right arm.
a person is running on a treadmill
a man paces back and forth.
person is walking aroudn then running around.
a person slowly walks in a clockwise circle.
a person jumps in the air almost 270 degrees
a person paints with their right hand.
someone is running forward and jumping over something
the person raises arms overhead and then kicks alternating legs back while moving backwards.
a person leans on something while stumbling around.
a person does jumping jacks.
a man picks something up and moves it to the side before putting it back down.
hes doing a slow motion jumping jack.
the person is doing an exercise warm up.
a person bends slightly to their left and picks something up then turns slightly to their right and places it down.
a person does a squat, widens their stance by moving their left foot out, then performs a second squat.
the person does one hop in the video above.
a person is standing straight, and lifts their right arm to theirhead as if to look at the time on their watch.
a person raises both hands and pushes outward, then return hands to a downward starting position. the person the puts both hands on hips, and return them to sides one more time before slightly crossing both arms.
a person sits down, crosses their legs and then stands up.
a man sits backward onto a stool, waits a moment, then stands up in front of it again.
person walks with their hands pointing slightly backwards and arms swinging
a person takes a few steps forward, turns around and walks back.
a person is standing with hands by tops of legs, hands are together but not touching.  hands move anticlockwise motion to above the head. then hands move clockwise back down. person then launches into a run in a forward but to the right run.
a person walking quite fast towards the camera, 4 steps total
a person dances energetically, throwing their arms up and stepping around with their feet.
a slightly stooped person holding something with both hands proceeds to place it downwards and compact its base
a person walks straight/forward, then suddenly gets kicked on their left side which pushes them towards the right side, but successfully recovered, and continued their original path.
person reached down and pick some thing up with the right hand and heโs carrying it.
person is facing front and then took a step backwards before swinging left leg out in front while twirling his body stand to left sided position, then proceeds to use the left leg to go right back to front position
throw a baseball with his right hand.
a person is pretending to be a chicken
person quickly shuffled backwards several steps.
a person briskly jogs back and forth before standing still
a person walks forward diagonally to the left.
person walks forward, but slightly stumbles, regains their footing, and continues walking to the edge of the platform
waving both hands and jumping simultaneously at a moderate speed
this person stretches his right arm over head while standing still.
a person takes a step backwards.
a figure makes the motion of either digging with hands or swimming but seems to be standing upright
a person starting crouched forward, stands up and stretches right and left.
a person walks forward a quarter of a circle counterclockwise.
a person steps around something then sits down on the item and rests each hand on the corresponding thigh
a man walks forward slowly in a jagged line.
a person picks up something with his right hand and walks forward.
a person is acting comedically.
a person is clapping his right and left hand together
person is walking straight ahead
person walks forwards casually then stops
a person dances energetically in place by swinging alternating legs in front and behind themselves. they dance with with their arms lightly swinging at their sides. the person then finishes dancing and walks to the right.
arms outstretched, move arms forward and back.
a person seems to be describing something
the body walks in a slight bend right to left.
a person walks in a southern direction for a few steps, then turns and faces in a northwestern direction and walks forward.
a person jumps and puts his hands in the air.
a man climbs a step, walks forward a few steps, and then walks down a step.
person starts walking and as he does he starts turning towards his left side until he stops
a person is shaking their shoulders.
a person makes a circular motion with their arms forward and backward.
man lightly jumps from one side to the other
a person walks using a handrail with his right hand.
a person holds his arms horizontally, shoulder-high, lowers them to his thighs, picks up something off a table with his right hand, and puts it down on the table with his left hand,
a person relaxes and swings their torso, swinging their right arm around.
a person walks forward, turns, and runs back
a person walks forward, spins on their foot, and walks back
a person is running forward.
this person steps around while shaking his right hand.
a person leans over a coffee table, balancing himself on the table with his left hand, and he picks up a cup with his right hand.
a person bends down, picks something up, then uses both hands to rub something
the person is mixing up food.
a stick figure walks forward, stops and moves both arms up and forward as if setting an item on a table. it then steps backwards to its starting position.
this person walks from right to left, from back to front.
a person sits down cross legged, then stands back up.
person walks forward pick something up then walks back and stoops down then stands up.
a figure steps backward slowly and carefully
a man stands and a defensive position, brings his left leg forward in a kick, and returns back to a defensive stance.
someone stumbles to their right putting their right foot over their left foot.
a person is standing and bends down using their knees to place their knees on the ground, and then places their hands infront of their knees so they look like a dog.
a person running very fast and then taking turn to their right
a person is doing jumping jacks on the spot
a person is standing with their hands on their hips, they walk forward and turn to the left, then relax their arms.
a figure slowly winds up to throw something
a person struggles to walk using the railing on their right for assistance.
slamming their right hand down viciously
person got down and is crawling across the floor.
person puts right hand to right leg, while left arm is sideways
a person stumbles forward then walks back.
a person irregularly walks backwards, turns around, then continues in the opposite direction.
a person ran forward in left direction
the person sat down in a chair.
a person is holding both arms in a side line from shoulders to elbows, with forearms and hands pointing upward making a short 'y' shape with his upper body while squatting slightly, using both legs spread shoulder-width apart.
a person walks in a counterclockwise semi-circle
a person steps down off of something.
person stands still with arms at side and hands swaying slightly.
a person walks backwards carefully.
a man has his hands high over his head, and shakes them slightly as he rotates his hips.
a person raises their left arm holding an object and then lowers their arm
a person moves their arms in a strange manner.
a man is bending on his knees to grab something
a person spins in a tight counterclockwise circle.
a person uses right arm to punch upwards to the left.
a person stands with his feet hip length apart and holds his hand up ,bends right and left ,bends forward and backwards and stands straight.
the person is getting ready to watch tv.
the person gets on their hands and knees, crawls to the right, gets up and returns to their original position.
person steps to side then waves hands up and down fast stomach height
a person walks forward then turn right then walks forward again.
a person walks straight forward, pauses, and then begins walking again before pausing once more.
a person raises both arms up and down bending them at the elbow as if cheering or chanting.
the person is moving something around.
a man slowly walks forward with his right hand on the railing.
the body walks forward then jolts backwards one step with the left foot.
the subject took a step back leading with the right leg in a clockwise semi-motion. it then put its hand out as if to shake hands to give a handshake putting the alternate hand on top of the first so shaking with both hands. the subject then pivoted their body towards the right taking another step while doing so in order to shake another hand, this time with just the one.
a person who has their arms up and then puts there arms down and steps back and lunges forward
a person moves their arms forward then around in opposite circles
person appears to hold hands as if they are holding a guitar and strums the guitar.
a person is walking straight, using their right hand to grab something for support.
person picks something up and moves it to a shelf
someone dusts a picture hanging on the wall with a cloth in their left hand, steadies the picture with their right hand, then finishes dusting it, and finally dusts all the way around the sides of the frame.
a man standing seems to be holding something in both hands, tilts it to his left, then brings it down level again.
a person is takes a quick step to the right.
a person saunters towards the screen.
a person walks forward slightly then kicks with their right leg, then walks backwards slightly.
this person with knees bent moves his left arm forward as if to catch something.
a person walks forward while bending down, sits down cross-legged, then gets back up.
a person punches out in front of them alternating hands
a man bends over an all fours and arches his back.
a person quickly walks forward.
the person moves both hands in front of themselves while standing.
a person walks towards the camera.
a man walks forward and turns to the right.
a person appears to be looking through binoculars looking for something
a person walks forward, picks something up off the ground, and places it on a higher object
a person lowers arms from being stretched out to either side, and turns around counterclockwise.
lifting a container and pouring out the contents
a person walks normally on a treadmill.
lifting weights over their head
a person steps carefully while walking forwards.
a person jumps up  and then stands on both feet.
the man walks forward starting with his left foot and takes 4 steps total.
a person lowers his arms and then raises them to shoulder height
a man throws a fake punch.
a person walks casually in a zig-zag motion
someone getting into position to start catching and tossing an object.
a person walks to the edge of the square before turning around and performs two consecutive and poor cartwheels before stopping at the other end of the square
walking forward and stopping.
a person jabbing right arm like a boxer.
he read a newspaper while squatting.
a man stands with his left hand touching  the left leg repeatedly and his right hand covering his mouth.
person takes a bow and brings right hand towards body and back
a person picks something up, rubs it and puts it back down.
a standing person leans to their left, slightly bends their left knee and flexes their left arm at the elbow, then returns to standing position.
a person on a swivel chair moved from front to right typing and talking on the phone motions.
a person walks forward  and down toward something.
shaking hand side to side.
the person is standing still and jumps on the spot once and then does it again
a person runs in place and then steps to the left, makes a clockwise circle while in a running motion, where his hands are moving up and down.
a person grabbed something with both hands and put it down
a person completes a wave
man walking in a circle to his right (clockwise)
the person is taking a big jump
person checks left wrist then outs it back to his sied
the person is doing ballet twirls.
a person walks slowly forward while swaying his shoulders, then stops
a man raises his left hand to his face and waves it up and down.
jumping up and down.
a person walk forward very quickly.
person stands still for a few moments and then walks forward
the person is clapping both hands.
a person uses both hands to grab something, then brings it to their mouth with their left hand, and grabs it again with both hands.
a person bends to their right side and picks up something with their right hand, then walks slowly forward.
running forward over an object.
a person boxes and punches with right arm and hits with right arm.
a person lifts their arms from their sides in a semi-circle motion and ends with the forearms facing up.
a person stands still, then walks, and grabs something before holding it straight out to offer to someone
the figure is sitting there is no movement, the legs aren't too food apart but they are a little the arms are resting beside the body as opposed to on top of the thighs.
a man walks slowly forward.
a person takes two steps forward, turns sharply, and then takes two steps back in the direction he came from.
a person slaps or strikes something with his right hand
a person scratches the side of their head with their left hand.
a person holds their hands up to their face while sitting down
a person who seems to be shadow boxing
walking backwards then standing still.
a person is jumping up and down.
the person is riding a motorcycle.
the person is touching arm.
the man raises both arms and begins a slow bounce, which transforms into a light jump.
the person took a diagonal step forward and then just stood still.
this persons begins walking in a straight line and then stumbles to the right, he then catches his balance and stands still.
the man is using his arms and legs to propel him self forward in a running fashion.
a man walks forward a couple steps then halts and walks in place.
a person stands in place and looks as if he is holding something as he uses his right hand to toss it.
a person is doing a hand dance, similar to a tik tok renegade.
the man is running forward
a person holding their hands up and walking straight
person is standing in place
a person shifts left and right on their feet while stretching out their arms, bending them and raising them.
a person is raking leaves.
moving side to side while squatting down.
the man is walking slowly
the person is wiping something off.
a person waves their left hand back and forth.
a person walks forward slowly while keeping his hands at his side.
a person walks forward turning to the right.
a man slowly walks backwards, lifting his feet as if they are stuck in something, before finally stopping.
a person is kicking a ball with right foot.
a person lifts something with both hands, then brings his right hand over to press on top of it, before setting it back down.
a person hops forward with both legs and after a few hops they hop on top of something then back down left after.
a person takes bouncing steps toward the lower right hand side, stopping for a moment in the middle before walking towards the lower right hand side again.
person raises hand and runs in a circle.
a man raises his left arm and lowers it repeatedly.
a person puts both hands together grasping an object and swings to their left.
a person is lying down then stands up
a person is playing a violin.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks forward
a person doing karate type motion forward and then backwards
a man walks forward in a circle before stopping.
person bends at waste lifts left arm and allows right on to swing freely and then lifts up bends again raises right arm and allows left arm to swing freely like a pendulum freely
a person jogging in place.
man does ae circle with left arm, then does four arm circles with both arms.
a person looks at his left wrist then puts his hand down again
a person who is moving their hips repeatedly to the left and right
walking backwards and forwards in a sporadic circular motion
person walks forward in a semi-straight line with arms extended out to the sides.
a person kicks their foot around in front of them and to the side
a person walks forward using their right hand to steady themselves on an object.
the sim steps backward before sitting down and standing back up again.
run forward pivot run backward diagnally
cowering while crouching down.
a person is walking forward and slightly to the right.
a person puts their hands over their face.
a man stands with his arms crossed, then drops them to his sides.
a person ducks down suddenly, steps forward, and stands back up.
a man seems to be putting things away.
the person is running forward on steppingstones.
a person is stretching his leg in the air.
a man runs across a room to the opposite end.
a man walks back and forth in a half circle.
a person hops on their left foot
a person with their hand to their head look around then walks backwards
guy turns like going to throw a pitch and stomps left foot twice
a person bent slightly over and picked something up with left hand and turned to left and  shaking item, looks as if is cooking and adding items to a pot of water.
a person takes seven steps to the left in a circular motion.
a man turns to his right side, and then he karate kicks high in the air with his right foot.
the person is getting ready to watch tv.
stick figure looks to be pulling objects off a shelf with his left arm
a person shifts their weight from side to side and shrugs.
the person is around and i think holding someone dancing.
a man bending over forward holding something with his right hand in the air and creating a twisting motion with his left hand above the object.
a person is swinging his right arm in a circle and then swings both arms.
a person with arms up moving to the right.
a person picks up their left leg and hops on their right foot 4 times, before jumping to their left leg, and hopping on the left foot 4 times.
the man is going on alaskan vacation i think
a person twisting their left leg
person walking on unstable structure trying to maintain balance
a person walking one way and then increasing pace running back
a person walks forward then pauses and holds their left elbow with their right hand, then they continue walking and turn around.
a person sways to the side and stumbles forward.
a person walk forward very quickly.
the man repeats sitting down and getting back up
a person crosses their legs while sitting.
a perpsn appears to be making hand signals. like cheering then stopping. like at a sporting event
a person bends legs and lifts dumbells.
a person walking quickly forward but slightly to their right
a man postures his arms like holding a dance partner and dances the waltz from the right hand side to the left hand side.
a person crouched down appears to be working on something with their hands.
a person walks forward with swagger.
a person stretches their arms above their head while jumping up in the air
a man steps forward and raises his hand as if waving, he drops his arm, and then raises it again but a little lower.
a person is walking forward slowly, bracing themselves with their hands.
a man full-body sideways jumps to his right.
the person kicks up their leg a couple of times
a person runs diagonally to the right side and stops
a person stands still facing forwards, and then steps quickly to the left.
a person stands and trying to hold balance.
a person move its left arm and the throws something with its right arm
a person walks counter clockwise circle and stands at where they started
person bends down and picks up heavy object
a person raised the hands and after sit down on somewhere
a person holds their hands in front of their face and looks around
a person stands in one place with both hands resting on something.
a person side steps to the left and then to the right.
the person is moving something.
a person walks briskly forwards
a man jogs briefly then stops.
a man does a small hop and then walks forward a small distance.
a person paces back and forth in a small space
a person gets down on their knees
stick man walking straightforward in wobbling position maybe taking a dui test.
a person walks while holding a hand rail
a person is sitting and puts their left hand to their head, and their right foot up on their left knee.
stick person is spinning in circles with arms flaling around and hopping or skippinh to the left
the person is moving around his upper body and then moves around his hips.
the person steps a little wider than shoulder width apart first with their right foot, then with their left before squatting 4 times.
person is holding his head because he feels dizzy.
a person steps forward and kicks out with his right foot and moves back several times, moves forward and punches out with his left hand.
a person swings arms over head forward, then steps forward with outstreatched arms.
a person marches with their left hand slightly raised, turns around and marches back with their right hand slightly raised.
a person is attempting to walk a straight line heel to toe like a tightrope or dui check point
a person takes small steps and moves while crouching
using his right hand he smacks his left arm bicep.
a man sways side by side and back and forth in a defensive stance.
a person walks several steps backwards.
the person crouches and walks forward.
a person takes a step forward with their left leg, then steps further with their right leg causing them to lean back, easing them into a sitting position.
a person is ice skating
man walks calmly in a forward direction.
a person bends over and runs around
a person is drying their right arm
man stands straight up with his arms to his sides and walks calmly forward and to the left in a half circle then stops facing to the left.
a person slowly throws two objects with their left hand.
the figure sways from right to left with both of hands up like as if hes reaching for something
the man made a pointing motion towards the camera. he retracted his right arm and then placed it by his hips.
a red a blue stick figure takes even steps walking forward starting on the left foot.
a person having a difficult time figuring out a dance to perform.
a person shakes their arms in a downward motion
a person begins with arms outstretched at shoulder height, then crosses the arms in front of the body, drops them, then crosses them again.
a person performs a salsa dance.
a man lifts something up with two hands and then puts it back.
person is warming up their arms
a standing person holds their right hand out in front of them, palms facing outward, and moves it in swiping motions from side to side and up and down.
prson is shaking hands in front of themselves.
shaking hips. brushing off feet. leans down on one knee forward
the figure tilts and then kicks the air above knee level with its left leg, it then does a lower kick with its right leg.
a person walks forward the the right then shift left before turning around.
trips backwards slightly while leading with right foot.
a person takes one step forward starting with their left leg.
the person was pushed but didnt fall
a person puts their hands on their waist and flaps their arms like a chicken's wings while pecking their neck like a chicken.
a person sprints forwards quickly.
a person balances walking forward on a beam, with arms out to the side for balance.
a person walks forward and turns around.
the person had his arms on his knees then put them straight out.
a person sits down crises cross applesauce
a person walks forward, then steps over an obstacle, then continues to walk forward.
a person paces back and forth.
a person is waving their left hand in side to side manner in front of their chest at a normal speed.
a person does a full golf swing.
person is jogging straight ahead
a person shifts their hands together before picking up their leg and going into a throwing motion.
he jumps over the beam
a person slowly walked forward and stopped
a person walks forward then twirls around to stand with back to viewer.
a person stands up from sitting on a chair, walks to the right and sits back down in the chair.
a man stretches each of his arms over his head.
a person walks forward fastly
a man walks straight down with his arm on a bar or surface
a figure lifts the right and then left hand.
a person stands and moves left hand side to side
the person was push but did not fall.
a person walks down some steps.
the person walks forward quickly, turns and sits, gets back up and walks a little past their original position.
the person is walking around making turns.
a person standing with arms out then checks phone.
the man bends at his knees and uses his leg muscles to propel himself slightly off the ground.
this person appears to left something heavy from left to right.
a person moves to the right side and then to the left side, then stops
moving arms in and out
this person is stretching with right arm raised high.
a person picks up something and pours it two times, stirs it and then raises arm to drink it.
a person is sitting and makes slight movements of his hands
person is sipping a drink
a person begins to walk forward up the stairs
the girl jumps down from the bed onto her feet and slowly walks away.
a man dodges right and then left
walking backwards very slowly.
a man touches his shoulder, stretches and touches his shoulder again.
a person walks forward slowly, sits on a high object with arms on his hips, and then stands up
a person moving arms around uncomfortably.
a man turns to the left, walks a bit, then turns right, then walks a bit, then turns right again and walks a bit, then turns left and walks a bit.
a person holds his right arm out and his hand parrallel to the ground.
a person puts their right hand up by their head
a person jumps up once and stops
a person stands still then moves their arms up slightly
person is walking forward, stumbles back, continues forward
a person lifts something up and to the side to look under it and puts the item back down.
the figure is jogging forward with purpose.
a person slowly leans back to the right with raised arms and bent elbows
while walking forward, a person takes an extra long step with his right leg.
a person makes some small motions with both hands, then brings their left arm to their right should twice.
a person crosses their arms, then has their arms angrily at their sides.
a person jumps two times.
a person goes from standing on two feet, to standing on his right foot and hops on it five times.
a person walking slightly to the right
a person walks forward up a slight incline.
a person jogs sideways back and forth before coming to a stop
person looks like theyre salting/cutting their food
a person put down something and  slowly walked forward
someone wipes an object in a circular motion with their right hand.
a person waving there right hand above the left and then patting the left hand and then clapping there hands and putting them arms out forward
person stands forward with both hands on hips then raises both arms shoulder height
a person first waves both their right and left hands at the same time and after kicks his left foot to his left.
a person gets down on their hands and knees and moves around.
a person runs with a wide stride forward.
a person slowly walked in right direction than backwards and aftre left direction
the person takes a step and waves his right hand back and forth
a person holds their arms out to their side and lifts their left leg off the floor to balance on their right leg
a person is walking in a counter counterclockwise circle whilst always facing forward.
a man rocks back and forth while standing still.
starting with their right foot a person walks quickly forward.
this person stumbles right to left then to the right again.
walking in a circular pattern.
a person raises their left arm with their palm up before returning back to a neutral standing position
the man hops 5 times on his left foot.
a person throws something with his left hand.
a person walks forward, barely drifting to their left, before stopping.
it appears as if a walking person trips over something or missteps with their right foot.
a person plays the air drums while standing, starting with the center drums, moving to the left and then all the way back to the right.
a person leans down with their hands in front of their head, trying to dodge something
a person doing 3 jumping jacks.
a figure raises their left hand in a sweeping motion
a person is using his arms to describe something to another person.
a person walks forward but slightly to the left.
a figure seems to be either stretching above their head or cheering / accepting praise from a crowd
person stands still then throws something with left hand above their head
a person in a sitting position with his hands forward adjusts a steering wheel right and left.
a man steps forward and swats at something.
a person twist his torso to reach far to the left, then returns to a neutral position
a person turns to the left, walks forward, steps back and picks something up off the ground.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides raises his right hand and waves, then returns his hand to his side.
a person walks backwards slowly comes forward and kicks the does this twice and on the third time kicks to the right
a person calling out loud
a man side-skips from left to right repeatedly.
stepping forward right leg first then swatting right hand downward from head level
a man raises his  hands to his chest, claps them together, then lowers them back to his sides.
a person wriggles like a snake.
the person is waving with his right hand.
the person is getting ready to serve a tennis ball.
the person is running crazily to the right.
he stomps his right feet
a person walks forward before coming to a stop
a person walks forward. they swing both of their arms out, then swing their left arm out.
a man bends at the knees and takes a short jump forward.
a person angrily walks forward and to the left
man moves quickly around in a funny way
a person runs straight forward at a fast pace.
a person in a squat position with arms straight out to the sides, lets their right arm fall to their side, and then after a bit they raise it back up.
a person sitting down in the floor.
a person crosses arms in front of body and then moves them back to his sides.
the man is cutting a banana
person is standing and using a touch screen
a person takes the last sip from a drink and then steps away.
the man lifts a dumbbell with his left hand
the person is walking then jump and continues to walk
a stick figure stands still, and then raises their arms halfway to the middle of their shoulders in a t pose, then lowers their arms to their sides.
a person walks delicately, bends down and stands up
a person lightly hops forward.
the person is jogging in a circle then stands at starting point.
a person walks in a circle, counter-clockwise.
the person almost trips but quickly recovers
a person thats walking backwards
peeson hops on 1 leg in a spiral pattern the switches legs and continues.
a man throws an object with his right hand, clasps both hands together, then returns to a standing position.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person is looking around with binoculars
person uses right hand initially to do a throwing motion downwards, and then uses right hand to do a throwing motion upwards. appears to be active, energetic, and maybe even slightly aggressive
takes a few steps forward then jerks back a step just to go forward a few steps again.
a person waltzes in an clockwise direction, with their right arm outstretched and their left hand at the centre line of their torso.
a person is staggering backwards then forward.
person raises their right arm that's bent at the elbow to start with
a person waives his hands in the air then covers his mouth and looks down. he looks like he is laughing
a man is walking forward, favoring his right leg and shifting his walk. he is possibly drunk.
person walks five steps forward whilst holding right hand extended to the right hand side holding onto something
stick figure moving to the right
a person uses both hands in a pounding motion four times while moving backwards, he skips forward again and turns to thr right side.
a person raises his right hand and then lowers it.
person steps left forward pivots on leg and turns around walks back and faces other direction
arms flap open and close to the sides of the body.
a person reaches forward with their left hand, then down to the floor twice, then walks in a circle
the character scratches his head with his right arm
a person checks the watch on their right hand.
a person lowers the right hand bending down slightly to examine something, then straightens and raises something to his face with the left hand.
the person is  likely picking a pen from pocket.
a person pushes their left arm forward and then uses both hands together while bending over as if catching something.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides bends his knees and jumps in place, twice.
person is walking in a half circle towards the right
a person raises and lowers a dumbbell a few times with their right arm.
a man energetically backsteps, then turns to his left and walks forward, then backsteps again, keeping a spring in his step.
someone stands in a relaxed position while swaying right to left and waves at a stranger with their right hand, then waves at a second person, and finally waves very enthusiastically at someone they know!
raised your arms up, keep your elbows bent and reach up
a person waves their right hand back and forth.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person leans back and forth, putting weight on alternate legs, bring us both hands up towards the face, then bends down and uses his hands to tie something at the bottom of the left leg, like a shoe.
a person powerfully jumps straight into the air, then rebounds with a small hop backwards.
man looks left to right before walking forward in an "s" motion.
someone is walking forward and they get pushed from their left.
a person with both arms bent is shuffling slowly leading with their left leg, then the began to turn and lead with their right.
a person waves at something with their right hand.
he is straining to do squats while holding a dumbell in each hand.
a man drops his arms suddenly and then raises them more slowly along with his back, then holds his arms out, holds them near his chest, then raises his left arm to pound at the air in front of him several times.
a person flings an object with their right hand then showcases something with both hands.
a person lifts an object with both hands, shifts it to the side, and sets it down.
a man tries to open a jar.
a person holds a large object and moves it in wide playful motions from their left to the right four times.
a man walk with a long, determined gate.
a person hopping in place twice.
a person leans forward, checks their watch, and then paces around.
a person stretches their arms side to side.
a person moves each arm in a circle, brings their hands together, pulls back with the left arm, and then puts both hands together on their left.
persons makes left fist punching motion
a person stands up from a kneeling position, using their left arm to help themselves up.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes two steps forward, angles to his right as he continues walking and then stops.
the person is standing and crossing his arms then uncross them.
a man is walking backwards.
the man steps forward and moves something on a table then steps back.
a man swings both arms like bird wings, then puts his arms on his knees, after sometime he repeats a swinging motion
a person looks as though they're getting a shoulder/arm examination from a doctor with the arm bent at the elbow and being rotated about the shoulder.
a man jabs the air repeatedly with his right hand.
peron moves forward with arms shoulder height then fully turns arms to the back and moves further forward then turns to side and moves back quickly
this person is seated as if playing the drums.
a person balancing on his right foot while doing two kicks with his left leg.
person creaps forward a few times legs apart long careful stride and crouched down
a person takes one step then pivots to their right and continues pacing, then pivots to the right once more and returns to roughly the same point where they began.
a person shifts their weight from side to side and shrugs.
a person standing up uses their left hand to twist open an object that is in their left hand, then consumes it in their mouth.
a man standing reaches forward in front of his body with his left hand.
a person waves with his right hand
a person gets on all fours and starts crawling.
the person is jumping in place.
a figure runs in place turning counterclockwise
the person is posing for a photograph.
a person takes a step forward, then kneels down with their left leg while using their left hand to steady himself.
a person stands still for a moment, and then staggers forward.
a person, with arms spread and bent at elbow, repetedly raising hands above head before moving them back to shoulder hieght
a person holds his arms up with elbows out and hands at his chest and moves back and forth flexing
this person appears to be fighting.
a person walks forward, turns, and runs back
a person raises one arm and waves it length-wise behind their back and then in front, then brings both arms perpendicular to the body, fists near shoulders.
a person jumps repeatedly, throwing their arms above their head and stretching their legs with each jump.
a person raises both hands into fists, turns sideways and punches out with their right hand, then lowers both hands.
standing in a squat, the person moves his arm in a large circle before letting them rest at his sides.
starting from the bottom left, a person walks a lazy almost full circle around the screen.
a man turns around and swings an object.
a person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls around, then gets back up.
a person dusting off their shoes on the ground
person walks slowly on the spot
the person is putting hands on hips.
a person walks while curving towards the right.
the person is sitting down.
a person waves with their right hand. seems friendly
a standing person holding their hands in front of their face bend to the right trying to dodge something.
a person carefully walks forwards, before lifting their right leg high over an obstacle, then their left leg, and walks forwards.
a person catching something and then walking away
a person holds their arms up then lowers them, then bends their arms at the elbow and moves back and forth
a person hops side to side .
a red and blue stick figure is standing and mimics the โwalk like and egyptianโ dance.
the figure slowly but strongly circles the space. the figure pauses from movement then bends for an unknown and unseen object at ground level.
a person walks in a circle with arms outstretched.
a person is doing a dance
the man reaches his right hand into the air then shrugs and digs a hole and shrugs again.
a person crossing their legs and bending down
person swings arms back and forth, and then starts flapping arms like a bird.
a person walks forward then walks back.
a person holds both arms out to his sides, lowers them, and then with his right arm pushes forward in front of his face several times
a person plays the violin with their bow in their right hand.
a person walks forward while holding out their arms for balance
a person swings a golf club.
a person appears to be doing a dance.
a man is standing still, jogs on the spot, then stands still again
person standing upleft  moves arms in a windmill position forward then moves them in reverse before finished leaning over
a person bring out his wallet from his wallet then took out some money then kept the wallet back in the pocket
a person lowers their arms, jumps, and then walks forward.
a person walks forward with a strut.
a man suddenly bends forward at his waist.
a man steps to the right and the back to the left.
something or someone pushed him from behind and he walked forward.
the person is on his hands and knees crawling.
he slowly walks forward directly
the person hugs themselves, fumbles their hands together and does a shaking motion, and then hugs themselves again.
he walks forward directly stops
a person jogs briskly across the floor
person dances side to side three to four times holding someone in their hands
man kneeling paying respects to a fallen soldier.
a person walks with one foot in front of the other trying to keep balance.
man running back and forth with hand tuck for jogging.
a figure walks up hill.
a person walks sideways to the right, stops, then walks sideways to the left.
person stands feet shoulder length apart then raises arms shoulder level once
a person is flapping his arms and bobbing his head like a chicken.
slowly grapevining to the right, then taking a few steps forward with arms toward the face.
a person sitting on the ground throws something with their left hand and then stands up and does it again.
a person looks through binoculars or a camera.
raising arms and moving them side to side.
a person curls both arms up and down twice.
a person holds something in his hands, then walks to the left, sits down and rights his right foot up to hold it with his hands.
a person walks down and to the right.
a man is running in place
a person appears to pick up a backpack and put it on, then walks forward clockwise.
the figure walks forward and looks like he trips on something.
a person stands very still
an old man walks to his left.
a person picks up something with both hands that is knee high and to his right, and then he tilts it to his left and finally puts it back in place.
the person appears to be drinking.
while standing, a person makes a series of small gestures near their face using both hands.
the person is walking holding onto the table.
a figure walks forward and to a circular motion to the right
a man raises both arms out in front of him, lowers his arms, and then raises both arms out to each side.
a person waves their arms and body around fully extended.
a person has arms raised in a t-shape, then lows arms, raises left hand, swings it to the left, then up and down.
running on the same place.
the person is marching to the left.
person holds something in their hands and tilts that to the left then tilts it back to normal.
sway your hips from side to side.
a person quickly taking three steps down.
the person puts something on its side and then brings it back to normal.
the person is backing away and walking other way.
a person acts like they are making a left upper cut with their arm, like a boxing motion.
a figure slowly winds up to throw something
a person grabbed something with left hand and did something
a person moves an object from his right to his left.
the person is using a dumbbell with his right hand.
a person holds his left arm out and his hand parrallel to the ground.
a person picks something up, tilts it, and then places it back.
the man repeats sitting down and getting back up
a person waves with his right hand two times then stops, touching his left shoulder with his left hand.
a person rotating both arms in a circular motion in front of the chest then raises their outstretched arms to the side.
a man organizing, using both right and left hands.
waving hand over head then stopping.
a person stand up from the knee
a person jumps in front of them.
a man steps forward in a zig-zagged pattern.
a person walks to his right.
the person is playing soccer and kick the ball.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person slowly walked forward
a person stands with his two feet apart and light hops in that position 14 times.
the man talks on the phone squatting at first then stands and paces.
a person waves their hand in a clockwise direction. then pushes an item away and grabs something to move closer to them.
a person uses their left hand and put it forward and then back down again
a person picks up a small object to their right, and then walks forwards.
a person spreads out his arms.
a person walks forward with their left leg limping.
bending down and then again.
a person who seems to be playing guitar
the person walks while swaying his arms.
the person is leaving at someone with his right hand.
a person sat on something and leaned the hands near to face
a person flaps their arms, shakes their butt, then wiggles while lowering their body
person is running in place and then stands still
a man throws a series of punches, two high, one low, then two high.
a man throws an object with his left hand while lifting his left leg off the ground.
the man is doing jumping jacks
person grabs a coat and puts it on with their right arm first followed by the left before bringing the coat flaps together.
person looks as though he starts to fall but does not
a person walks to the right, then walks to the left, and then he squats down.
a person moving something from right to left and coming back to pick up another.
a person spreads with arms straight out, before beinging them back down to their side
person is flailing arms and covering mouth
a man walks forward and turns right and coming back and taking something from front
a man walking and then turn to his right
a person holds his hands together and  moves his arms as if he is swinging a baseball bat.
a person slowly walks forward and then stops.
a man turns his head slightly, then walks in a slow clockwise circle.
person is walking in a circle
a person claps very politely.
person steps to side then waves hands up and down fast stomach height
this person put both arms up in front of themselves, while standing still.
person jumps up many times over a skipping rope and jumps over rope
a person steps forward, turns around and walks back.
a man walks forward in a snake like pattern.
the person makes a quick side step towards the right
a person turns around and limps slowly in a straight line then turns around again.
a person starts walking forward, slowly turns around then jogs past where he started and turns around again.
a person takes four leisurely steps forward.
a person jogs on the spot, then stands still
a person throws something with both arms twice, then steps back and turns to his right while touching his left then right bicep.
a man walks sideways crossing one leg over the other in one direction, the walks back in the opposite direction
a person starts walking in a circle and returns to his starting spot.
moving hands from side to side above head.
the person starts jumping jacks
a figure stands with their hands on their hips then catches a ball low and tosses it back
a person appears to be doing jump rope.
a man raises his right hand and waves.
a person is waving with their left hand up high.
a person jumps in the air.
a person takes one step up, walks in a straight line, and takes one step down.
person does squats while holding something with both hands.
a person slowly walked forward after in right direction
the person is moving from side to side.
a person walks down stairs while holding a railing with his right hand.
a person jumps repeatedly, waving their hands in circles.
person throws arms up then swings arms then points right arm forward.
a person is walking around swinging their hand at various locations around them, perhaps trying to hit or throw something.
the person was swinging his arms wildly and then stops.
a person swings his left hand.
a person stretches out his left arm and moves it from left to right then puts it down.
a person jogs in place.
the man turns left calmly
person walking in figure eight pattern
a man begins with his feet shoulder width apart and his hands holding each other in front of his body.  he started by moving his hands to his side.  he then walks diagonally for a few steps.  he sits down on a chair and has his arms hanging by his sides.
walking back and forth.
picking up invisible firgure from left to right
the motion starts out by jumping to the side and then starts dancing to the macarina.
prson is shaking hands in front of themselves.
a person walks forward in an curved line
a person squats to grab something a couple times, then starts to walk in a small circle motion.
a person bends both arms in front of body at shoulder level,flaps them and then unfolds them.
a person holds up their hands and moves back and forth while looking up
man walks forward while upper body is leaning slightly to the right and steps are unbalanced and slow.
a person walks backwards in a straight line
the person walks backwards in a straight line
a man walks forward bends at the knee to pick something up then turns around and walks backwards.
person does a small hop in place and then takes two quick steps forward
a person runs along the fence holding his phone in his right hand, then he stops and walks back
someone is dancing by kicking their legs foward and stepping back. they are also moving their arms back and forth.
a person hops in place twice.
the person grabs something in front of them, walks away, walks back, returns it and picks it back up again and begins to walk away again.
a person turns around and picks up an item with his right hand, holds the item to his shoulder, then turns back around to place the items back down.
a person with arms stretched straight out brings both hands to crotch, then returns to original position
this person walks forward then turns and walks back.
the man plays left handed violin.
a person gets pushed from his left side, stumbles to his right, and then he regains his balance as he looks back to see who pushed him.
person walking with unsteady gait reaches out with right amr before standing still and reaching with both hands to something infront of him and below his waist
the person is going to hit someone with their right hand.
the stick figure  is squating but leaning side to side.
person side steps to the left and then sits down. then, gets back up
a person steps forward, moves something diagonally back from left to right, then steps back.
a man stands in place.
takes one side step to the left.
a man drinks from a bottle using his right hand.
this person side wide to the right while looking around carefuly.
a person keeps their left leg in the air and wiggles it all over the place
the person throws punches as if practicing fighting.
person stood still lifts left arm two times lifting a dumbell
a person turns in a clockwise circle, looks at his hands after turning, and then begins to sprint forward.
running on the floor on same place.
he acts like a big cow
the person sits down in a slow and twitching manner
waving hands near head.
a person walks in a counter clockwise motion but does not return to their original position.
a person steps to the left, slides their right foot, and waves with their left hand.
the person threw both hands up.
a person punches with their left hand then their right hand.
a person slowly walked forward and returned back
the person took his left arm up to his face.
a person holds something above their shoulders and squats slightly
a person sat on the floor, by crossing his legs and after stand up
the person is kneeling down with his left hand.
a man pours something with his right hand.
the person took four steps forward.
raising there hands and moves them around
a person standing up steps back causing him to kneel down and crawl forward
a person sits briefly and then rises again
someone is trying to walk in a straight line
the person is playing the guitar with his left hand
person is walking forward in an unstable manner
a person squats down then jumps
a person walks forward with their arms swinging, then stops and stands.
person lifting an imaginary object from their left and placing it on the right.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks eight steps forward beginning with his right foot.
a person brings their hands to their face area and makes a motion similar to brushing their hair.
a person takes two quick steps backward.
a person takes a step sideways to their right and assumes a seated position.
a person folding their arms
the person hit the bar with his right arm.
a person walks from side to side with their arms hanging loosely.
a person walking in a right curvature
a person walks forwards, spins on their left foot and walks back to where came from
a person made some jesture with both hands and raised left hand
a person throws something with their right arm.
a person bends down and lifts up something.
a man crosses arms puts them down and steps back and then does a arm movement before waving and putting them down
the person does a cool dance
a person steps wide to their right, to their left, to their right, to their left, and then continues walking normally.
the person is sitting down checking their shoe.
person hops forward only on the right foot and the turn counterclockwise 180 degrees and hops the opposite direction in which they came from
a person walks forward in a steady pace.
a person veers to the left while walking.
the person is walking back-and-forth to the left.
a person moves their hips around in a circle.
a man throws an object with his left hand, then catching an object with both hands.
a person walks forward, spins on their foot, and walks back
person picks someting up and then puts it back down
a person does jump n jacks.
a person passes an item back and forth with someone with their left hand.
the man walks in a clockwise circle.
the person hit the ball with his tennis rackets.
the man walks forward fastly
a person makes short hops from side to side moving from right to left.
a man juggles two objects with both of his hands.
a person pitches a ball with their left hand.
starting with his right foot and shoulder forward, a person turns his torso clockwise, extends his left arm up and forward, and lowers his right hand down.
a figure gestures as though it is digging with a shovel. the figure stops dancing around 7 second mark, and seems to place a plant or tree into the hole it has dug.
a person jumps around while moving their arms up and down
a person sitting and moving the steering wheel.
a person runs and jumps forward
person is getting a shower and picking up something with his left hand.
a person waves with little enthusiasm.
a person throws punches from a crouched position.
a person swings their right hand forwards, followed by their left.
person walks in circle then waves multiple times with both hands
this person walks forward, swats then walks back.
a man walks straight forwards a few paces, swinging his arms gently, then stops.
a person slowly walked forward while raising the hands up
a person is stretching his left hand to his right side.
a person runs in a clockwise circle.
a person spreads arms in a circle ending with hands down, raises arms, palms down, does several patting motions, lowers arms, raises arms, repeats patting motion, raises arms spreads arm makes circular motions
a person grabbed something with right and left hand and put it somewhere
someone walks forward briskly and casually.
a person appears to be writing something on a wall.
a person walks quickly forward.
a person is holding both arms in a side line from shoulders to elbows, with forearms and hands pointing upward making a short 'y' shape with his upper body while squatting slightly, using both legs spread shoulder-width apart.
a man is standing still, then puts both his hands up and back down, and stands still again
a figure is walking forward at a moderate pace.
the person picks something up with his left hand, pulls something towards him with his right hand, wipes it off, and puts it down in his left hand.
the left hand goes to the chest and back down while walking then turns around to walk.
a person on the ground crawls forward.
person person walk in took a big jump.
person is walking backwards at medium pace
the person does a very quick dance.
a person lowers both arms down from a t position simultaneously then raises both hands forward in a thumbs up gesture.
person is walking forward in an unstable manner
a person takes a step forward before pivoting on their left foot to make a sharp turn back.
someone execures a roundhouse kick with their right foot.
a person gets nudged backwards on their left shoulder.
person is walking at a normal pace in random directions
a person who seems to be tapping on a surface repeatedly with both hands
a person walks forward at a regular pace.
a person walks forward, leans forward and grabs something with their left hand, then moves back to starting position.
jumping up in place.
the person is crawling across the floor.
a man walks forward at a medium pace
robot was walking forward and turned back stared to run and turned back once again move his hands.
the person walks forward, then walks to their left and steps up and down as if stepping over or on obstacles.
a person who is holding a bottle in his left hand, opens the bottle with his right hand, holds the bottle aloft and drinks from it and lowers his hand.
a person grabbed something with hands and put it down
the sim walks to the end of the plane, slowly turns around slowly walking back to the opposite end.
the man is closing and opening umbrella
the person lifted a weight with his left hand.
from a standing position, the person slowly walks in a circle, clockwise, and then stops
a main raises his arms from his side parallel to the ground, then lowers them again to his side.
a person walks forward and stops.
this person moves both arms from sides to the front then to the sides again.
raising arms towards face.
the man walks while holding onto the rail.
a person bends down and picks up something with their right hand then washing it with their left and gently sets it back down.
robot opened his right arm, start touching handrail and walking forward.
a man moves from right to left several times.
the stick figure is walking in form of a back wards letter j.
a person walks forward, then swings their left leg around as they turn around and walk back to their original position.
the person is jumping up and back down.
a person picks up drink with left hand to drink.
after standing a while, the person sidesteps to the right unsteadily.
a person swings his left arm.
a person turns and leans to the right, then does a left leg kickboxing style kick.
a person is spinning around with their arms spread wide.
a person makes an obscene gesture using both arms while rotating as if to do it to several people.
a person stands on one leg in yoga pose.
this person is standing still but moving the top half of their body in a circular clockwise motion
a man steps forward and does a handstand.
a person walks in a circle continuously.
the person is holding an object and then throws it with their right hand.
a man walks and steps over something on the ground.
a person steps diagonally and stops.
swinging arms up and down.
a man walks into a wall and turns around
a figure does jumping jacks
a person stirs something with their right hand, stirring in a clockwise motion
a person squats down, then stands back up and holds their arms out.
the person is drying something. then they walk over and pick something up.
a person performs three jumping jacks.
a man bends his legs, gets up and then claps in a sequence multiple times.
a figure holds its hands near chin level and shakes them out to loosen stress
a person lifts their left arm and holds their head for a moment before lowering it again.
a man is crab walking backwards and then rolls to the right.
a man sits down backwards into a backward roll, then returns to a standing position.
a man walks forward before stopping.
person is doing some breakdancing.
a person slowly stumbles forward
person runs quickly to the left, then turns back to the right and runs that way.
the person is trying to talk with his hands.
a man bends his legs, lifts his arms slightly, and then jumps twice on the spot.
a person swings out with their right.
a person walks forward, stops, then walked backward and walked forward again.
this person runs quickly forward.
the person was jogging in place.
a person squats down briefly with both arms lowered before jumping up once on the spot.
the person was running to the right.
a person casually walks backwards.
a human figure is seen waving its arms in the arm to get the attention of someone
a person hops back, then takes a step sideways to their right, crossing one foot behind the other.
a person squats with their arms above their head.
a person gets down on the floor and kneels.
a person crawls on their hands and knees, then stands up.
figure walking around moving his right arm in a motion like he is bouncing a ball
a man is swinging from a bar and then dismounts.
a man hops up and down while using his arms, and seems to be using a jump rope.
a person military presses weights above their head.
a man is standing still and then starts walking forward before turning around.
the person walks backwards while dribbling the ball
person walks forward and turns around and walks back
outstretched arms to sides are lowered, raised, bent at the elbows several times, then lowered by sides.
a person holds something with their right hand, reach at it with their left hand and lift that to their face repeatedly.
a man paces back and forth.
a person running around in circles
person walks up and down with arms slightly spread
this person zig zags forward then stops to the right.
a person holds an object against their side with their right hand, walks quickly forward, turns around, and slowly walks back in the opposite direction.
a person walking and then recovering from a push to the right
a person walks straight back.
the man shifts his weight between his feet while lifting his right arm to his face.
the figure curls its arms outwards from its chest, it lowers its arms in the motion towards its groin and then raises them upwards at head level.
pushing arms in and out.
the person was punching with her right arm.
a person slowly walking forward, while kicking with right leg and after doing a round kick with legs
a man walks forward picks something up with his left hand turns counter counterclockwise then walks back to start and turms counterclockwise
a person raised the both hands and crossed them
the person walked forward and then turn left.
a person going up an elevated surface
the person moves their right hand to their mouth, as they place their hand down, they move the other hand to their mouth.
a person is walking across the room and stepping over things.
a person acts like they are making a right upper cut with their arm, like a boxing motion.
person appears to pick something up with right hand then walks forward slowly.
a person holds the left side of their jaw like its painful.
a person jumps straight to the right, then jumps straight back to the left.
a man crawls forward on his stomach.
person walks forward then gets on all fours and crawls
a person is being pushed from behind hard and he moves forward.
a person walks towards an object, picks it up, turns around clockwise and walks back to the original position
a person jumps forward once.
the man takes 5 steps forward.
the person was leaning over touching the ground and then walked a few steps.
a kneeling person stands up and kneels back on one knee.
a person is standing with there arms lifted and slightly bent, as if holding handlebars.
a person mimics a cat grooming itself by licking its paws and then rubbing its head.
stick figure does jumping jacks
a person swings their right arm in a circle, then swings it in a circle backwards.
a person stands with legs shoulder-width apart, slightly bent at the knees, arms outstretched at shoulder height, lowers left arm for several seconds, then brings with arm back to shoulder height.
a man picks something up with his left arm and the moves to the left and starts mixing something.
person walks forward fast then pivots on the  right leg and returns back
a person puts their hands together getting ready to throw somthing.
the man bends his right arm to engage his bicep muscle and do a curl then the man bends his left arm in the same fashion.
a person walks backwards in a crouched position.
a person grabbedsomething and lean it somehwere
a person grabbed something with right hands and hanged on something
a person claps both their hands together in front of them.
a person is casting a fishing line.
person uses right hand to hold and moves an item in a circular motion then grabs something with left hand and moves item in circular motion in front of them again
a person moving right arm up and the left arm up and then kicks left leg up and then return to position.
and individual standing sideways raises itโs arms at shiulder hight twistinf torso first to left thrn to right
a person is waving his left hand.
the man walks with a prideful step about 4 feet and then turns around to walk back to his original spot.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person starts walking clockwise then counterclockwise in a partial figure eight.
the man is walking backwards
a person pers someing with right hand then scratches something with left have and then steps backwards
a person stands still and rubs their hands together in front of their chest.
a man walks forward to the right and then sits down.
the person is doing the cha-cha.
a standing person extends both of their hands forward, then drops their arms to their side.
a person picks up something, rotates it with their left hand on the bottom, and puts item back in original spot.
a person hugs themselves while rocking side to side then rubs their hands together in front of their face
a person walks forward diagonally and turns to the left.
person runs backwards performing an a like pattern
person walking counter clock wise making almost full circle
a man is doing jumping jacks.
the person throws out their left arm in front of them then brings both hands to their mouth before lowering them together to the center of their body.
person balancing on a board.
person walks down then grabs something from their left with both hands and moves it to their right.
a preson grabbed something and throw it away
a person holds their arms out in front of them and performs a squatting motion.
a person takes small steps while holding something in both of their arms angled down towards the ground
a person sits down with both hands on his knees.
a person grabs something with both their hands then places it to the right
a person takes a large hop forward with both legs.
raising arms and then lowering them
a person catches a ball with both hands and then throws it with his right hand.
a person is stretching their right leg.
a person raises their right arm to waist level and twists their wrist as if checking a watch for one second the arm is then placed back by their side.
the man is making gestures
he runs forward directly then stops
someone takes four steps back, starting with their left foot, pauses to concentrate on next action, then long jumps forward, landing on both feet.
a person walks forward, picks up something from about waist high with his left hand, moves it to his left, and then walks backward a few steps.
a person is walking across an area at a steady but somewhat slow pace; they take about 5 steps and have minimal arm movement.
the person is hammering a nail.
a person does a threatening crouching walk and then raises their arms.
a person is standing still with their arms raised out at the level of their shoulders.
someone is waving his right hand.
walking forward and then to the side.
someone looks as if they picked up an object and put it away
a person jogging in place.
a person seems to be dancing with their arms as if they were a clown or doing an act
a man seems to catch a ball from right and runs to left..
a figure quickly walks forward.
a person walks and turns left.
a person walks forward then turns and walks in a diagonal, then turns around and walks back.
a person walks straight, takes a half turn to the right, walks and then stops
person standing with outstretched arms, drops arms down to side, then lifts arms up with elbows bent, palms facing each other, then drops arms down to sides
a person takes a big step to the left and down
a person takes a step forward with the left leg while simultaneously lifting their left hands slightly in front of their face.
the person uses their arms to warm up
a person picks an item up from the ground and tosses it to the side, then picks a second item off the ground and tosses it.
a man steps up and then turns around and steps down.
a person walks backwards, pivots, and then continues walking backwards slowly in a semi-circle.
the man walked up steps turned around and walked back down.
the person lifts their left hand to their face in a drinking motion
a person is standing with wobbly knees and moving his arms back and fourth as if he was dizzy.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circular motion
a person walks forward on a ramp upward.
a person pivots slightly and then throws an object with their left arm.
a person picks something up with both hands.
a person walking while grabbing his arm as it is in pain
walking backwards then forwards and kicking.
a person does the cat walk
the person is doing several arm movements: first, rolling their arms in front of them, then making dribbling basketball motions with both arms, and lastly swiping their right hand in a left to right motion.
a person walks down stairs or a steep incline.
he is running straight and stopped.
the person is running crazily down the hill.
standing person lifts right arm to front of head as if speaking into a device.
a man walking forward, spinning around on one foot, then walking back.
someone is holding something and talking to it
the person writes words on the chalkboard
a person sidesteps to their left three time, then right four times, then one more step to the left.
the person walks around and then starts walking while leaned over.
stand stay and shake the both the hands.
a man wiping something with right hand.
the person is jogging in place.
a man lowers himself into a crawl, then crawls diagonally, then begins to stand up.
the figure is using his arms to wash something
someone grabs something observes it and drops it
a person is touching an object with both their hands.
a person lifts both hands up to above face level, slightly twisting right and left, and then wipes his face the back of his right hand.
a person jumped while the hands was raised
a person raises their right hand, with palm upwards, towards their face then back down.
a person raised the rigth hand and pull it down
a person calling out loud
a person side skips to their right, then they side skip a few steps to their left and back again to their right.
a person walks forward, then reaches with their left hand as if to take something at shoulder height, then walks back the way they came, turns again, and walks forward once more.
person bows very slightly to front once only arms fully extended
a person jumps in the air and turns
a person walks forward slowly in place, keeping their arms at their sides.
a person walks up stairs holding hand rail with right hand.
a person gestures to another person to come in their direction and then waves.
a person performs three jumping jacks.
person steadily takes four steps forward
the person is doing a leg stretches.
a figure winds up for the pitch.
the person is fighting bugs.
a man stands on the ground,puts his hands together and starts clapping.
a person is standing facing forward and sways a little while moving their hands as if they were talking.
a person steps forward, raises their hand to their face and makes small gestures, then repeats the motion.
a person takes one step up, walks in a straight line, and takes one step down.
a person is dragging a something heavy around in a counterclockwise circle.
arms slightly curled go to left to right.
a man sits down cross-legged and stands back up again.
a man is blocking fighting moves with his left arm.
a person claps their hands together.
a person jogs a few steps, swinging their arms naturally.
a person puts their hands to their face and looks from side to side
a person slowly sways left to right before almost falling
a person is walking in a clockwise circle.
person lifts right leg and right arm then brings left arm to face area
figure appears to be getting something out of a drawer
a person kicked something with right leg
a person crossing their legs and walking to the left
a person swipes one hnd across their shoulder, then swipes up and down, and then forward and back.
person is walking very slowly.
a person seems to be limbering up and getting ready for some exercise-related event.
a person jumps straight up, then climbs some stairs forward
a person with their hands in front of their face, punches with their right hand.
a person lowers, then raises their left hand as if throwing something in the air.
a man walks forward turns around then picks up something and continues in the opposite direction.
a person walks up stair, holding a rail to their right.
a figure walks forward drifting slightly right taking six steps and halts.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a man lays down on his stomach and seems to be making paddling motions like he's swimming.
a person lowers their arms to their sides and sways gently.
a person kicks at something in front of him with his left foot, like a soccer motion.
he is running very fast.
a person picks something up or places something down.
a person walks around in a counterclockwise circle
running forward over an object.
a person dances the macarena.
a man side-skips from right to left repeatedly.
jumping up and down in place
a person spins while pivoting on their right leg.
a person takes a step forward with their right foot and leans forward to pick something off the ground with their right arm while lifting their left leg straight behind them and then standing back up again.
a person walks slowly in place without moving.
a standing person raises both arms shoulder height and waves both arms in and out
person moves hands around head in scratching motion
a man stumbles and leans on an invisible object to support and help him reposition himself.
a person walks carefully in a circle.
person walks for swings around on their list food then walks back to where they started.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person does 3 jumping jacks in place then stands still.
this person rolls over to his right to get up off the floor.
a person raises their right forearm and waves.
a person repetitively jumps over and over while turning in a slow circle.
a man sits down cross-legged on the ground, then stands back up.
the person was looking at his wrist for his watch.
a person waves their hands in front of their face.
a person walks a semi-circle, clockwise, before turning around and sitting on the ground.
a person standing still, lifts both arms up and back over the right shoulder and then swings both arms in a downward motion.
a person takes a book from a shelf with his right hand.
a person is drying their left arm
he starts to strech a lot
a person catches a ball, steps backwards, and throws a ball with their left hand.
walking in a random pattern.
the person jumped up and itโs holding his hands up trying to reach for something on his tippy toes.
at the the start the person is balencing on their left foot, they take a step and then balence on their right come down gracefully and walk away and turn so that the viewer is now seeing thier back and not their front.
he does the salsa dance
a person crosses his legs while standing and then lowers himself into a so-called crab walk position, using his hands and feet to stop him from touching the ground.
person pours something into a container
a person grabs something with his left hand and raises it upward to shoulder level, returns his arm back to where it started, then raises his arm again.
a person raises both of his hands up, palms forward, then puts them back down.
this person jogs forward then stops.
a person spins 180 degrees while jumping to the right.
a person casually strolls forward.
a person stayed on the place
a figure walks foreward slowly with shoulders slightly hunched
a man is lying down on his left side, pushign up with both hands he stands up into a squatting position and lifts his right arm up to his head; man stands straight up.
a person walks forward a few paces without moving their arms.
a person walks counterclockwise in an oval shape with both hands stretched put in front.
a person slowly walks in a counter-clockwise circle
a person shifts from foot to foot several times.
person walks forward and picks something up then walks backwards and puts it down
a person walks in a clockwise semi-circle
person stretches both arms up and then put arms down.
a person runs diagonally forward to the right then turns around to run back.
the person did a wonderful cart wheel.
a person steps forward and is pushed backward.
a man turns to his right, then takes a step back and turns to front-face. he then squats slightly, holds it, and stands back up.
a person is startled from behind.
a person is walking forward.
a person walks forward while swinging his arms in an exaggerated motion, then turns around and repeats this motion while walking back.
a person walks forward at mid pace.
a person reaches around in front of them with their right hand.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person lifts his left and right arm into the air.
this man walks forward, using both hands to hold on to something on either side of them to balance themselves and help them walk.
a man walks forward, picks an object up with his right hand, brings it to his face then puts it back down.
a person appears to scratch their head.
a person squats then stands up, lifts both arms above head, squats again and place both arms in original position.
a person balancing on one foot while moving the other leg in the air around towards is back.
a person walking horizontally then tripping on something, turning around and limping back
a person walks like a mummy with their arms up.
person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person waving one hands in a horizontal circular motion in front of them
a person throws something with their right hand
the person tossed the ball with both hands
a person stands up and walks.
crouching then standing and walking forward.
seated driver puts on seatbelt while holding steering wheel
a person walks a step, bends, grabs something with his right hand, turns to his left, takes a half-step, bends and grabs something with his left hand, takes a quarter-turn and begins polishing or cleaning something.
a person is side stepping to their left and then to their right
a person walking forward in a line.
a person walks in a clockwise circle while holding something over their right shoulder.
a man sits down, brings his hands to his face and then stands back up.
a person, with their hands out to the side, walks forward, turns counter clockwise, then walks the other direction, and starts to turn counterclockwise again
a person uses left arm to punch upwards to the right.
the person standing still with her hands down with her side.
the person is greeting someone.
a person begins walking forward first with their right foot, taking wide awkward steps as if they are stepping around or over something; begins walking towards the left and then slowly continues to walk to the right, then continues to walk towards the left coming to a stop off to the left side.
a person eating something in a squatted down position
a person slowly walked forward upstairs and returned downstairs
the person is walking around thinking about something.
persons playing a guitar with his right hand.
the person is doing a fat kick lunge
the man leans forwards, hunched over, with his hands on his knees.
a person looks down with a hand on their face then stands back up and puts the hand over their face again.
a person sidesteps to the right.
person walks forward then turns to their left and carry on walking then stop
person staggers forward five steps and nearly trips up
a person driving turning the steering wheel with both hands.
a person throws two jabs, a left then a right jab.
a man steps forward and then immediately backwards while raising and lowering his left hand.  he slides to his left and turns 90 degrees clockwise.  he lowers to a squat position while moving his hands in and out from his body. finally he rises to a standing position
a person cautiously walks toward a slippery spot on the ground and then carefully steps across it.
a person walks forward while placing their left hand on a railing
a person steps to the right.
a person walks up to a table. picks up a cup with their left and right hand then pours them in a jar.
a person runs straight forward at a fast pace.
the man walks across a balance beam.
a person steps forward and kicks aggressively with their right leg, then quickly squats and jumps.
a person who seems to be grabbing  something from their pocket
a man walks in a circle hunched over like a monkey and then waves arms while walking in a circle.
the person drinks the last of the milk using their left hand
a man who is kneeled down uses his left hand to stand up.
person took a step and sat down in the chair.
the person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
a person claps with their hands
man raises right hand to head level and brings it back down to hip level.
this person lifts his arm to scratch his head.
a person stands still for a second and then takes a step back with their right foot.
a person steps back putting hands on hips then steps forward with the right leg then turns in a circle and steps with left leg forward.
a person walks forward unbalanced and almost falls over.
a person is standing then pushes something with their right should and finally stands still.
a person walks forward from one end to the other.
person turns left and goes over a few obstacles on ground
a man is scratching his arm then rocks side to side.
the man is walking forward
person is walking like they are on a beam, arms out.
a person dances in a waltz.
a person stands on their left right and lifts their right leg up and twists it back and forth.
person is standing and waving their left arm as if to get someone else's attention.
person is sitting reading a newspaper.
a person with his hands together makes vertical circles in front of him as if reeling a fishing reel the throws his hands over his shoulders
a person lifts up only their left arm above shoulder height, lowers their left arm and lifts up both arms above shoulder height, lowers both arms and then lifts as high as they can before bringing both arms back down to shoulder height.
a man picks something with his left hand and then makes circular motions with the same hand .
a man steps to the left steps in a small clockwise circle throws left arm then steps in a larger backward clockwise circle
a person holds their arms out to their sides and jumps up and down.
a person walking one side to a room and then jogging to the other side
a person who is cleaning something then steps backwards and lifts both of their arms up
a person picks something up and puts it down to the left
a person picks up an object with both hands and carefully places it on a pedestal then returns to get another piece.
a person grabs the railing and walks up and then back down the stairs.
a person walks with both arms out to their sides.
a person jauntily skips forward.
a person poses with hands on hips.
someone with outstretched arms spins clockwise
a person punches the air with their arms.
person appears to be sneezing or coughing covering mouth with left hand then lifts left hand to face as if blowing nose or wiping face
a person walks slowly forward
a person sliding backwards to sit down then gets up and slides back to original spot.
the person is standing still with his arms crossed.
the person takes several steps forward.
a person is perfoming a dance move.
a person walks around and then walks in the shape of a triangle but then they back peddle
bends to the left, picks up something, turns, then sets it down.
figure has hands on their hips.
a person slowly walks a circle.
figure appears to be walking back and forth
a person sits on the ledge of something then gets off and walks away.
a person shifts on his feet and then walks up stairs.
a person walks backwards and then kicks the air multiple times.
a person is standing and moving their arm in and outwardly.
a person turns and leans to the left, then does a right leg kickboxing style kick.
a fighter practices his kickboxing moves
person is holding left leg with both hands while standing on the right one.
a person walks forward then turns right to go back.
moving backward and coming back side  forward on that floor.
a standing person steps forward
right arm moves in an clockwise motion at waist level.
a person kneels on both knees then stands into an upleft position.
a person stands with his feet hip length apart and holds his hand up ,bends left and right ,bends forward and backwards and stands straight.
a person is strumming a guitar with their left hand.
person is walking back and forth.
the person is walking down the cat walk.
a person begins to wave his right hand as if he was waving to the crowd and then stops.
person drops something from their hands and kicks it
man standing takes a small step inward with his right foot, stands there a moment, and then takes a small step to right with only his right foot moving.
puts picks something up and then puts it back down
a man claps his hands for a few seconds, and then lowers his arms.
walking forward and then moving hands.
a person is balling something up with their hands.
walking and turning to walk more
waving hand to someone known for 3 seconds
a person sits down, crossing their legs as the do so, and stands back up.
a person walk forward with a natural gait.
a person lunges forward and jumps off of their left foot into the air, and then stays suspended in the air
a person passing a ball or just kicking the ground twice
a person plays the violin with their bow in their left hand.
person is walking on a treadmill
the man is doing a scamper
a person walks with arms flapping then brings arms to the front and bends elbows and wrists.
a person is gesturing their right arm at their shoulder level as if trying to communicate with someone.
a person takes steps backwards.
a person with its left leg lifted spins around, raises their right hand, then sets it back down.
a person runs in place
stick figure starts running in place
a man is sitting down with arms and legs splayed out to the sides of his body.
a person is stretching their right leg.
the person side steps to the left and then side steps to the right and then back to the left
the person is standing in place.
a walking man bumps something with his right leg then turns and walks in another direction.
a person takes half a step forward and lifts both arms in a defensive stance, and then returns to a regular standing position.
the man lifts his arm and moves it numerously
a person uses arms to lift an object or weightlift.
a person jogs in place slowly in a counter clockwise circle.
a man walks forward fast, starting with his right leg.
person was walking and hit his head.
man moves forward jumping from one foot to the other
person swivels left and right while holding up both hands to his mouth and cupping them.
the person is raising his right arm.
moving hands in and out.
the person is completely still with his right arm up.
someone has their arms extended upwards, raises and lowers them
a person stays in the same spot and slowly lowers their arms in a casual way
person raises right arm forward and then moves right arm from shoulder to front side on
a person goes from standing to sitting cross legged with the right leg in front then returns to a standing position.
the person is standing with his hands on his side.
a person walks to his left then turns around to make a jump
a person standing up strikes their hands together well above their head.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person walks forward then to their left.
a figure jumps back one space
person put their blue color hand up and moves slightly forward on the blue colored leg. the knee of the blue colored leg bends lightly. red colored leg moves backwards and bends that knee. both hands go above the head and the person leans forward and makes the hands into a circle
person stands moves hands to stomach height then taps a phone buttons then raises puts hands above head together then back to stomach height  using right hand to push phone buttons
the person is walking around looking down.
a person punches the air with their left hand and then their right hand
a person performing a slight bow
pacing back and forth from right to left.
a person performs a typical broadjump.
a person spins and then stumples to get their balance after the spin.
the man take a step raises his left hand and looks at something.
a man does a dance, shuffles backward, and dances again.
a person rubs their chest with their right hand.
a person slowly turns counterclockwise and turns their back. then they place their hands behind their back.
a person crawls on hands and knees forward, stands up with side showing.
a person who got up from a sitting position
the man jumps twice i think
a person walks forward and puts their hand on something two times, before continuing to walk forward.
a person walks forward, picks something up off the ground, and places it on a higher object
person slowly bends down and puts hands  on hips then raises left arm out and then right
a person jogs and throws an object
a person walks quickly then slowly drops to the ground assuming a pushup position.
the person took his right arm up to his face.
an upleft person walks forwards, stumbling in a clumsy manner.
the person is in a fighting pose with both hands ready to strike, then does a 360 degrees, counterclockwise kick with their left foot.
a person is holding its head with its left hand, then sets it down, then holds its head with both hand.
a man sits down with crossed legs then gets up
man right leg lift, foot turnt right then kicked out repeated again.
a man walking forward, spinning around on one foot, then walking back.
a person walks forward starting with their left foot for 5 steps.
a person kneeling down to a quick crawl, before jumping back up swiftly.
a person shifts from foot to foot, glancing around his surroundings.
a person takes something from his right hand and brushes something on his face with his left hand.
a person runs in place.
a person eagerly practicing karate.
a person raises their right hand to their head, leans forward and back, drinking something that they are holding.
person is standing with their knees bent and with a slightly wider stance, as if they're doing some kind of leg exercise
a person walks casually counterclockwise in a circle.
the sim jumps up and down, then balances on their left leg.
person walks slowly forward with arms at sides.
a person grabbed something and put it down
a person walks into the room, picks something up, then sets it back down and walks away.
a person lowers and raises their arms perpendicular to their body to 90 degrees.
the person is dancing in the video joyfully.
a person kneels down slowly.
a man dodges left and then right
a person running and then crawling before returning to a run.
stand stay and shake the both the hands.
the person lifts their hands and squats, then returns to their original postion and repeats that set of motions.
a person is pushing a shopping cart.
a person raised the hands and showed some jesture
a person bending their elbows in front of them similar to bicep curls
a person is sitting in place for a while before raising their arms.
a person shooting a basket ball, walking back, then throwing a football.
a person loosely jogs forward
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides swings his arms out away from his body with his left hand held low and his right hand held high, then resumes his original position.
person turns around, picks something up, put it to face, turns back forward.
the person is waving their arms in the air
a person is walking weirdly in a circle
a person stretches out his right arm and moves it from right to left then puts it down.
a man is in motion
person lowers body picks something up  with left hand then picks something up with right hand then  twists body   and moves something in front of them
person bends down and looks around whilst walking in a counter-clockwise circle
a person walks forward from one end to the other.
a person walks to the side horizontally and then back and forth.
walks in a wide counterclockwise bend then cuts a sharp right before completing a circle.
the person is wiping something with their right hand, and after, they walk backwards.
a person crouches down and prepares to sit on the ground and gets back up.
the man raises both arms and then throws something down to his left before stepping back defensively.
a figure does a standing sprint
stretching while leaning forward.
the figure squats while simultaneously bending its arms as if using dumbells, it repeats this motion twice.
a person does a stretching maneuver.
a person punches upwards with left hand.
a person raised the hands and made some jesture
a person side steps to their left and then creeps to their right.
a person tapping on a surface
person is walking forward.
a person pats someone three times and then lifts up their arms high at their sides.
the person walked towards the left and sat down.
the person is sitting down possibly driving.
person is jumping up and down.
a person walks forward, bends over, picks up an object with both hands, then turns around and walks back with the object.
a person is walking then starts to slide to the left.
person went on gground to lie down.
a person quickly rubs their fingers together before lowering their arms and then raising their red arm to motion to somebody to stop.
a person walking forward four steps with their arms down beside them and then they stop.
the person takes a short jog in place
person is walking and almost falling over
a person quickly runs foward.
a man hops on one foot with his right leg.
person is throwing a ball hard.
the person was pushed from the left but did not fall down.
person jumps on spot two times
the person is washing their hair.
a person is eating soup
moving and create a ovel image.
the person is as arms out. like a muscle
a person is jumping on their right foot and then lunging forward.
this person appears to be fighting.
wake on the floor and create a some drew.
a person waves with their left hand.
a person walks forward to ring dorbell.
a man mimes boxing punches.
the person is balancing with his right foot.
a man waves his left hand and starts dancing.
a person walks up stairs turns right and walks back down stairs.
a person picks an object off the ground, and then uses it to wipe something off.
a person picks up something and pours it two times, stirs it and then raises arm to drink it.
a person is sliding forward on the their bottom before stopping.
a person picks something up and uses it as a tool before putting it back down on the ground
a person moves to the right, then brings their hands together in front of their face.
a person steps off of an object with their left foot.
a person lightly kicks something with their right leg.
a person puts right arm to head
he walks forward directly then stops
a person is jogging in a circle anticlockwise
a man had his hands in front of his face and  then he waved with one arm and then he put them in front of his face again and then waved his other arm.
the person walked up and then jumped up and then did a somersault down.
the person took a leap forward and then turned around and took a leap pack.
he moves around then stops
a person walks diagonally forward
a person picks something up with his right hand and bring it up to his face
man brings arms uo then in a circle
person moves forward two  steps then turns left two steps
the person starts with a slow clap, stops, and then claps again at a faster pace .
a person uses their right hand to pour something over the left.
a person blocks using their right arm.
a squatting person, holding their knees, lifts their arms twice laterally
a person carefully paces back and forth
the man walked up to the door and knocked on it.
a person waves bye bye.
the person is boxing with his right arm.
a man struts forward a few steps, turns around, and walks back.
the person walks quickly across the grey board in a wide stance along trajectory of the blue line like he's trying to walk over something.
person walks holding a big box walks slightly off balance
a person throwing something with the left hand and catching it back
a person is limping with their left foot and holding their left side, then stops, turns to their right, and sprints diagonally back across the same area.
a person jogs to their right and then their left.
a person walks forwards stiffly with both arms out in front of them.
right hand is straight out to the side as the right calf goes forward, inside, and outside.
a man starts from a standing position and seems to kick something with his right leg.
a person jogs forward, apparently down some kind of ramp.
a person waalks forward and appears to pour two items into a bowl.
a person steps forward with their right foot, then steps with their left foot, does a 180 degree turn to the left on their left foot, steps forward with their right foot and left again.
a person warms up with some jabs and uppercut punches from a standing, stationary position.
a person bends their right arm at the elbow and raises their left arm towards it, then lowers both arms
standing completely still and not moving.
man hops on left foot; kicks left foot forward
person quickly reaches left forearm up to their eyesight as if they were checking the time.
a person, was preparing and ran forward, and after start to jump
a person holds both hands in front of their face while moving their shoulders and fingers.
person makes motion of stuffing something into an object, then makes motion of picking up and putting on a lid as they walk across the room.
robot started dancing from left to right and his arms are in the air and tapping left foot to ground.
someone walks up a flight of stairs.
a man with his legs outstretched brings his hands together to clap them.
person is hopping up and down
a person slowly walks forward with hands down at sides.
a person does an exercise squat.
the person was looking at the damage to his left leg.
a man moves his right arm in front of him.
a man jumps once and then wobbles a little while moving legs apart.
a person walks slowly forward.
a person was bending the body and made the circle
a person squats several times while lifting dumbbells.
person is walking slowly and cautiously holding onto their sides
a person walks backwards in a straight line
the person  is doing an exercise warm up.
the person starts walking then something push them and they starts walking again
a man walked forward with hands hanging loosely at his sides.
the person smashed a tennis ball.
character lowers left hand then waves right hand in the air.
a person waves with right hand while shifting right and left, they then raise their arm and continues waving. finally they raise both arms to wave them.
a person punches the air multiple times
a person makes several gestures near their face, then moves their arms around while twisting their torso.
a person walks forward leisurely
a person that spins and then runs
this person readies himself to do a handstand and fails.
a person strums a guitar.
a person is holding their hands up to their chest.
a person picks up an object, turns towards the right and holds the object, the person turns back towards the left and replaces the object.
a man walks from right to left dragging his left leg.
the person is jogging back and forth.
a person lifts both hands up then wipes themselves off.
a person walks straight forward at slow pace.
the person looks at his left hand.
person marching forward, lifting up knees
a person walking down in a straight line
a man walks forward with their left hand on the railing and their right hand at their side.
a person has their arms fully extended and then sits down on an invisible chair.
a person jogs in a straight line, forward and then comes to a stop.
person moves around swaying left to right
a person walks forward slightly hunched, dragging their leg almost as though they are injured
a person is imitating a chicken.
the person is doing the moonwalk.
a person walks towards the right side.
a person walks forward carelessly, turns around and lifts up their left arm, then turns again.
a person hops then climbs stairs.
a person moseys towards you.
a man takes seven steps forward and slightly to the right
a person walks forward, stops, then lifts both arm up a little.
person is looking at his right wrist.
a man takes several steps backward.
the sim kicks both right and left leg twice.
the person standing raise his arm in the side in a shoulder level once and put on the side back then move his right arm touching the left shoulder and move to the front, up and down front stretch then stop.
a man jumps with arms loosely at his side.
person puts their hands up to their mouth area like they're shouting
a figure calls to someone in the distance in exasperation
a walking man bumps something with his left leg then turns and walks in another direction.
something by the persons foot startled them
person is trying to get someone to stop
a person is pushed from the right and recovers balance.
a person stands still and does not move.
a person stands still for a few seconds, before sidestepping to his right.
a person laying on the ground gets up then readies themselves in a squatting position.
person faces forward walks forward swings  left right in a circular motion turning back and walking to starting position
a person lets their hand down from there head and puts something down.
a person jumps up and down on their toes
a person walks straight forward at a slow pace.
the person is doing a light hop.
he takes a book with right hand
a person made a full spin move while jumped
someone is shooting a free throw
a person looks beside them then sits down in a chair, they then sit back up.
a man uses his hands to bounce a basketball twice and takes two big steps forward, then jumps up high with the basketball in his hands and brings his hands up and lets go of the basketball to score a point.
a person walks forward and vaults themselves over a wall. then turns around a does the same thing on the way back.
a person walking one way and then increasing pace running back
person places right  hand on face and holds for a few seconds and then repeats motion using the left hand.
walking in place and moving side to side.
a man turns his head from right to forward, then walks forward casually, before turning and walking back to his starting point.
a person places a cup into a bowl
a person reaches for hand rail with left hand imitates walking up stairs then turns around and imitates walking downwards
a person lifts their right arm back and then throws an object with their right hand
person moves forward then turns to their left side
man walked in a 90 degree angle foward and turned around completely to walk back from starting point in a 90 degree angle.
a person walks backwards and reaches a staircase, and continues walking backwards up it.
a person holds out their hands as someone sets something in their hands.
a person grabbed something with left and right hand and put it somewhere
a person looks to be wiping with his left hand in a counter clockwise motion
the person move to the right and recovered from falling.
the person was hopping up and down on his left foot.
walked from upper left to lower right the turned around and retured to staring point and squatted
a person squatting down lifts his right hand up to his face over and over again
a person takes large steps moving down to a bottom floor.
a person walks slowly from left to right on all fours.
person moves left hand over head while bending on right side
figure appears to be picking something up
person looks to be controlling a vehicle with both hands on the steering wheel and uses their left hand to change gear
a person waves his right hand in the air. he then waves his left hand in the air.
a person is bent over letting arms hang free and loose occasionally raising left arm in the air as if pretending to be an elephant.
the person was doing a warm-up with his arms pulling his elbow back.
a figure facing forward on a line turns to the left then turns around.
robot was walking forward and turned back stared to run and turned back once again move his hands.
a person kicks something with their left foot twice.
the man is boxing upwards
the person is stepping back swinging arms.
this person is moving front to back and lifting arms to catch something.
a person swings their left arm out in front of them.
a person moving the right arm to show pain in the right shoulder
figure stands and swings both arms in opposite directions inward, changes direction to swing both arms in opposite directions outwards, stops and bends forward to swing both arms in opposite directions over the head.
person puts their hands up to shoulder length with elbows bent then repeats three times
a man runs forward in a straight line.
the person sidesteps to their left, then moves back to theuir starting position.
a person side steps to the right and then to the left.
a person raises both arms and imitates claws with their hands.
the person grabs something above then, then shimmies to the right, then searches for something
a person holds something over his head with both arms and swings it down and forward
person walks in an arc path
the figure walks in a counter counterclockwise circle.
a person is side stepping to the left and then to the right
a person briskly walks in an anti counterclockwise direction.
a man walks forward, stops and moves an object with his right hand.
a person shuffles from the left to the right.
a person runs to their left, turns and runs back.
this person is dancing just like michael jackson.
a person places their hands together then release their hands.
a person bent on the knee and after returned and made it twice
the person touches their face over and over.
the person walked up to someone and greeted them.
a person claps with their hands
a person standing still holds something with both arms extended in front and then pulled in close to his chest before pushing back out.
a person pitches an overhand throw.
walking to the side then back.
a person takes a step forward right their right leg, then brings the left foot next to the newly placed right foot.
a person lifts his arms up in front of him, then mimics punching the air a few times. he then lowers his arms, and trots in a quick counter-clockwise circle.
a person is sitting down, and then puts both arms above to rest as if on a bench.
a person walks backwards quickly
person is jogging in a normal pace.
a person bends both arms in front of body at shoulder level,flaps them and then unfolds them.
a person walks a normal speed swaying their arms.
walking around in a circle.
a person is standing up putting their hands towards their face
the person is getting down and doing push-ups.
a person walks to his left and sits down and stands back up and walks forward
a person bends over, picks up a small object, and places it in front of them.
a figure slides two long steps to its right, then takes three sideways steps to its left, crossing right foot in front of left, and one step without crossing the right foot in front.
someone lifts both hands over their head to put on a hat.
person is running forward slightly to the left
person opens a bottle and drinks from it
a person walking in a crouched over position
it looks like the person is taking care of his shoes
the man is waiting for the bus
this person crawls around on the floor then stands.
a person rubs their stomach with their left hand.
the man is running with legs slightly tilted to the left.
a man gets down on all fours and crawls forward.
a man pats his left hand with his right hand.
the man takes 5 steps forward.
a person walks to the right.
the person puts the groceries on the shelf
a person walking forward in a straight line.
a person is lifting dumbbell over their head
a figure walks down and right to stare at a wall
a person is jumping rope and crossing his arms.
a person walks away diagonally to his right, picks something up, walks back, and then he again walks diagonally to his right and picks something up.
a person taking two steps forward turns clockwise and turns around
a person points forward with their left hand.
a person jumps over something.
someone kneels down and then lifts hands together under chin like praying.
someone walks little by little so as not to make noise
a person is walking slow in a straight line.
a man raises his forearms and puts his hands together in front of him. then he lifts his left forearm and rests his left elbow on his right hand.
person walking back towards a chair and then sitting on the chair while their hands are on the armrest
a person agitatedly looks around to the left.
a person continuously jogs counter counterclockwise.
a person bends both arms at the elbows and shoves the shoulders backwards several times.
a person does a karate kick
punching with hands near chest.
a person bending their legs up and down, doing squats.
a person leand on the floor and moved in left and right direction
a person takes a large step and sits on a stool, then then stand back up soon after.
sits down than brushes off knees
the person is walking down the slope.
walking backwards in one circle then turns to walk backwards the other way
a person walks aimlessly in a semi circle shape.
the person paces back and forth from left to right a few times before stopping in the center and facing forward
a person attempts to do a handstand.
a person runs sideways and stops at the center.
someone is holding something and talking to it
a person sits down on the ground and then back on the ground
a person is standing and clapping hands.
a person walks  quickly to the left and then to the right and back to the center.
person is doing some 90's dances
the person is running forward.
person slowly walks forwards while pumping his right arm up and down towards the floor gently.
a man walks forward, turning slightly to his right as he does, before ending in a standing position.
feeling well continuing by moving in a joyous mood.
the person is acting like a human dinosaur.
a person who seems to slap something
a man walks forward, to the end of the platform, then turns counterclockwise on his heel, before walking back to his starting point.
the person is making an arm gesture putting his arms up into the air
move the hands and band the legs and do like a exerises.
a man turns around counterclockwise, walks several steps, and then turns and walks back while hunched over and pushing his right hand forward.
a person does a light skip while walking
the man is moving his arms and legs
a person jabs with their right and their left over and over.
a person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
a person is walking forward and then turns to the right to turn around.
a person walks forward, bends down to pick something up, then moves their right arm in a circle
a person runs forward, turns around and walks back slowly, then bends down and gets back up.
a person walking strait with its legs in front of the other like a feminine walk and arms on its side swinging to it's movement
a man walks from left to right and then moves hips.
the person is walking forward with the cake.
a person moves in a circle while facing the same direction
the person was kneeling and got up using his left hand.
a person waves with their left hand
a person tilts over then stand up shifting both hands to the right.
person purposefully walking briskly forward then making a left turn.
crawl, zigzag, backward, laydown, downhill
the person is turning their steering wheel.
subjects hops up and down twice.
a person takes a step to their left and then steps back.
a person steps back to look at something, puts it down and steps forward again.
a person slowly jumped back
the body takes a clumsy walk sightly sideways.
the person gets on the ground, crawls, and gets back up and returns to their original position.
a person leans forward and moves around.
a person relaxes arms down to side of body, then makes a drinking motion with their right hand.
a person is holding an object, takes a step forward makes a door knocking motion with their right hand and then hands the object forward.
a person walking forward while balancing on a narrow platform.
a person walks forward and moves something with his right hand.
a person exercises their back by bending to the right, bending to the left, bending backwards then forwards and down to touch their toes.
a person is throwing with both hands
a person steps forward and kicks with their left foot.
he does push recovery right
a person walks backwards slowly, before moving to the right, crossing one leg over the other in a crab walk
the person did a 360 jump in the air.
a man walks forward and then bends down twice before walking again.
the person cleans the kitchen counter
a man plays a violin with his right hand.
a figure stands still for awhile then walks slowly forward, jumping once like they're getting ready to race
a person walks in a s shape
a person walks forward, then turns to the right and climbs up something as they turn counter counterclockwise, and then sits down atop something.
a person stands, swaying and stumbling before looking at their right wrist.
a man moves knife with his right had while holding something with his left
a man climbs over a stool and then sits on it.
a person jogs at a medium pace.
person walks in a clockwise circle while swinging their arms.
a person walking towards it's destination at a medium pace. while walking, this person takes his foot higher than normal walking, possibly a rough terrain or tall grasses.
someone is standing on the ground but they are putting their hands in their face.
a person is walking backwards, turns around, then continues to walk backwards.
a person sits down on something and then stands back up
person seems to be preparing food
this person is standing in place while organizing items.
the person is standing in place.
a man brings his hands together in applause.
a man is swinging his right arm upwards.
a person picks up something and moves it to the left.
someone in a fighting stance, kicking with their left foot.
a person does overhand swimming motions to stretch.
the person is jumping rope.
a person quickly jogging forward.
a person stand up, and bend the knee
person walks slowly with arms swaying slightly from top left to bottom right
a person is standing with hands togething and bending over stretching.
a person shuffles to the right, then the left, takes a step backwards and then hobbles forward.
the man jogs forwards and then slows down to a walk as he makes a clockwise half circle back the way he came.
the sim takes a step forward, sits down, raises their right hand to their head, then placing both hands in front of them as to be holding a steering wheel.
a person walking forward in a straight line.
person opens a bottle and drinks from it
the person prepares to fight by raising there arms and getting in a fighting stance
person jumped straight  up vertically.
a person walks forwards, which looks like they are walking on an incline.
a person walking in around in a specific pattern.
a person is performing a motion where they extend their right arm across the body to the left side twice above the head, twice extended over chest and once extended over torso.
a person takes in big steps in a hurry walking into the rectangular area while hands are dangling and swinging.
a person step slides from the right to the left.
a person wipes their hands on their upper legs.
a person walks slowly, appears to be drunk, stops after taking two steps
someone punches the ground with their left hand, then makes a leap towards the left.
a figure steps backward cockily, swinging their arms
a man is crab walking backwards and then rolls to the left.
person as walking forward on the treadmill
a person does four jumping jacks.
a person waits and moves suddenly a few feet as if they were pushed.
a person jumps sideways to their right several times, then several times to the left.
a man moves an object back and forth with his left hand.
a person standing up jumps one time, then is pushed to the left by something from the right, then shuffles to the left, then regains composure and terminates velocity.
a person aggressively throwing various types of kicks.
person moves right foot around in circles while standing.
a person lunges to their right and brings thier straightend left arm, supported by their right arm, across their body and extends it.
a person quickly walks forward.
the person is walking and made a left turn.
a person leaning forward slightly holding one wrist with the other hand slight sway in upper torso
person runs fast in forward direction
the motion seems similar to an axel twist in ice skating
man steps downhill with his left foot, does a cartwheel putting his right hand down on the ground. he takes a step downhill, turns around and takes a step uphill.
a person starts with their arms at waist height then moves slightly right and left.
a figure kicks with its right foot slowly
a person either pleading or praying with their hands folded in front of them.
a person gracefully walks forward, picks up an object, and raises it towards their face.
a standing person emulates swimming.
person takes steps moving to his left a few steps.
a person slides their left food toward their right, then takes three sidesteps left, then retraces their steps crossing their left leg over their right each time.
legs a shoulders-width apart the figure has their arms straight out to the side and bends at the waist to the left not all the way down to the floor and then back up.
the figure is standing on a slight slant and hops slightly in place five times
a person does a throwing motion with his left arm
a person puts both hands on their face as if they are crying.
a person walks in a relaxed way forward and then turns to walk back.
person lifts both arms shoulder height once leading with right arm has a break then repeats once more
someone turns to the left, bends to touch his left hand to the ground, and brings his hands close together with elbows bent
a figure quickly walks forward.
a person kicks with their right leg 4 times while their hands are in front of their face.
a person slowly paces forward.
catching a ball and winding up and throwing it back
moving arm towards chest then down.
a person kicks with his left leg.
a seated person is holding food in both hands and eating.
a man crouches down while quickly walking forward and then stands up straight.
the man sits on a stool and looks around.
the man is recovery stepping i think
a person walks at a normal pace on a treadmill.
a person walks in an arc to the left.
he side steps behind and around an obstacle and steps over it once takes a step or two and steps over it again with a side step.
a person sits and tries to throw an object with his right arm over his head then he tries to throw side-arm, it then stands and tries to throw an object.
someone who is running on a treadmil.
person person walk in took a big jump.
a person hops several times on the right leg, then shuffles backwards quickly several steps, then walks forward and spreads the arms out at shoulder height.
a person joyfully shimmies and steps to the front left.
a person makes basketball gestures.
person is rotating and exercising their torso
a person grabbed the leg and did something
a person showming something with both hands
a person stands up from a kneeling position.
a person picks up drink with right hand to drink.
person slowly walks forward to the edge of the grey platform.
the person is doing a russian dance
person walks towards screen, then makes half circle to the right and stops.
he walks forward and picks up tool box
a person stands at the edge of a cliff trying to steel themselves for a jump, but failing to jump off.
a man steps forward, then shakes something with his right arm, before turning to his right and repeating the process.
person is dancing moving arms in a circle while alternating kicking feet. then while circling the arms the step to the left a few times. they jump to the left and then kick the right leg behind them, jump to the right and kick the left leg behind them
person brings left arm up and bends it to stretch it backwards
the person was doing a tough guy walk.
the person takes a step and waves his left hand back and forth
a person is performing side to side hopping
a person is prancing with their arm raised as if playing an instrument.
a person plays a guitar and lowers their arms.
a person is walking while pushing something
a person moves each arm in a circle, brings their hands together, pulls back with the right arm, and then puts both hands together on their right.
a person starts duckwalking and walks backwards.
a man bowing down and doing namaste with respect to all
the sim appears to be jumping up and down three times.
a person slowly walks in a clockwise circle
a person is standing still before walking diagonally.
someone walking in a counterclockwise circle
the person was twirling around.
person is dancing around.
a person looks down with a hand on their face then stands back up and puts the hand over their face again.
person takes marching style steps backward then forward.
stick figure walks backwards jumps in place then walks forwards
the person waves both hands simultaneously
the person is walking forward in an odd way.
a person rotates to their right, then turns around.
a person throws an object with their left hand.
a persons walks forward, then make a slight left turn and continues walking
a person who seems to be sitting down
a man had his hands in front of his face and  then he waved with one arm and then he put them in front of his face again and then waved his other arm.
the person crosses his left leg and then uncrosses it. he then turns 180 degrees and crosses his right leg
he turns to his left
the man is making gestures
person is warming up upper body
walking backwards and then stopping.
a person looks at the bottom of his right shoe
a hunched person drags something around the floor with both hands.
the person paces back and forth
moving forward in a crawl position, then gets back up jogging backwards then walks forward.
a person holds something in both hands and throws it with right hand.
person starts to jog in place, turns to their left and runs to the edge, then turns and runs all the way to their right, and repeats this jogging pattern.
a person walking down stairs.
a person walks forward and sits on a stool.
a person crouches on their right leg.
a person walks forward then stops.
lightly jumping rope in place
the person stands and then takes a step to their right
this person appears to be speaking on a phone, holding it in his left hand.
a person waves their arms over their heads.
a person kicks a ball with his left leg.
a person runs forward, dives to the ground, and rolls forward.
a person starts walking backwards, stops and turns around then walks backwards again
a person is punching with his left hand.
a person standing up and manipulating objects in front of them
a person picks something up left then puts it down right.
a person slaps out in front of them.
person picks up bottle, opens it, and sets it on table
arms to the side, moving up toward the head and back down.
someone completes a full jumping jack before stopping.
the person is boxing with their right hand.
a person takes steps forward while quickly turning to the side as if startled.
a person doing strange hand gestures
a person steps off of an object with their right foot.
a person opens a door and appears to be swimming.
person raising both hands and arms, and slightly jumping up and down
a stick figure walks forward, continues walking counter counterclockwise, it then stands still, sticks it's arms straight out and spins his upper body and arms in a counterclockwise motion.
raising hands towards face then walking diagonally.
a person walks forward, picks something up and walks back.
person punches into the air with his right hand, then punches into the air with his left hand.
a person walks forward, picks something up, puts their hand to their mouth and tilts back their head, then puts it down
a person runs in place.
a person makes a left handed hit.
the person is walking forward.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person with its arms raised, places them down, then brings them up and started to do circles.
a person walking forward with their right hand up suddenly walk to their right and brings both hands up, then they recover and puts their left hand down.
a person walks carefully while pushing objects away from them on either side
a person crosses one foot over the other in order to walk in a circle and then spins around.
the person is sneaking up on someone like a cat.
a person shuffles his feet quickly and moves from side to side multiple times.
a person jogs in place, pauses, then runs in place, then finishes by dropping into a squat, arms straight out to the side.
walking in a diagonal line.
a person does a hand wave to the rhythm of music.
a person swings out with their left.
a person walks forward with a side to side motion, and not walking in a straight line.
person turns one direction then other direction standing feet apart and arms side to side
a person is sitting on something and resting their hands on something in front of them.
a person quickly jogging forward.
a person walks forward starting with their right foot for 5 steps.
jumping forward then stopping.
a person makes a wiping motion with their right arm in front of them
a person is walking forward.
a person walks forward after a slight pause.
a person walks in a counter clockwise half circle, then turns around and continues walking in a clockwise half circle.
the person takes a few steps forward, turning to the left slowly with each step.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle.
a person squats down extending both arms in front of the body.
a man steps forward in a zig-zagged pattern.
the person is walking across the floor sad
a person walking forward to a point and stops looking for some instructions.
a man raises his right arm, lowers it and rasies left arm.
a person holds their head with both hands then bats away something with their left hand.
a person walks forward in a wavy line, stopping halfway.
spinning in a circle.
a person passes an item back and forth with someone with their right hand.
person walks forward then jumps up and down
person grabbing something in front of him at shoulder level, he raises his arms and then brings them back to original level and grabs item again
a person is walking backwards to the left, then to the right, and back to the starting position.
a person is jump up and down while circling both hands forward, then continues to jumping on one leg alternatively.
a person casually walks forward.
moving side to side while squatting down.
a person is doing a dance and kicks the air.
a person is standing with their hands on their hips, they walk forward and turn to the right, then relax their arms.
a person punches with their right hand before they do a counterclockwise spin.
a person successively stretches his arms above his head, first his left arm and then his right arm.
a person runs very fast in a diagonal direction.
person extends right arm with an angle between elbow and throws right wrist in position forward
a person walks forward, not quite in a straight line.
the person is doing a cart wheel.
robot start doing exercise by stretching his legs and uplifting arms.
walking forward puts red leg quickly behind then back and walking forward then half way turns to turn aorund
a person jumps forward once.
a person walks in a circle
a man walks foward, turns to the right in a c -shape and  then stops.
a person slowly walks a line that curves to the right.
a person jumps in the air and turns 90 degrees to the right.
a figure dances jauntily in place
a person slowly climbs up a step by holding it, and then climbs back down.
a person standing straight ,moving left hand forward and backward and raising both hand on the side.
a person sidesteps to their left.
a person was kicking wiht right and left hand
a person alternates standing on their right and left foot, while moving their hands together in front of them.
the man is kneeling and waving his hands in the air, stands, turns and walks away.
person walks three steps then turns to right side then turns left hand side and brings left hand up to mouth area
the person is lifting both arms up to the side, then pretends to juggle, then moves arms from side to side and finally seems to be tapping on a drum with both palms.
person takes longer steps, walking forward confidently.
a person walks forward, stops and stands still
the person ran forward and then went back
moving arms up and down near face.
a person does the floss dance.
person walks forwards, uses right hand to move objects around, then walks backwards again. appears to be combining items together, like making a sandwich
a man takes a few steps backward.
the person stretches their arms up, brings them down, then throws them back up and jumps.
a man steps forward and then touches his head.
a person slowly walked forward
a figure is laying on the ground then rolls into a sit, then into being on all fours, then to standing
a person walks and touches something with his right hand.
this person walks forward turns left to walk back.
a person walks forward, turns around to sit down, waves their arms and stands back up.
a person claps their hands together and then lowers their arms.
a person raisedthe hands and put it down
a person takes a step back, starts swinging their fists boxing, and then runs forward.
a person turns a half circle counter clockwise and moves arms in a sweep motion from left to right while crouching down a little bit.
raising and lowering hand above head.
a person walks forwards, grabs something with his left hand then turns around and walks back to where he came from
a person shuffles to the side, then walks forward and nearly misses tripping.
a person squats to lift something up then struggles to carry and put it down.
a person hops in place and then walks forward.
the man holds something above his left shoulder and rubs it with his right hand.
a person stands around looking from sidse to side and then reaches out in front of them.
the person appears to be doing crunches at a normal pace.
the person stepped over some thing while walking forward.
the person is standing around.
person kicks a ball forward
a person lifts weight with both arms and bends legs.
a person walks in a circle with their hands together at their waist, then paws with their hands like they are digging.
person is walking and stepped over something.
a person walks to the right while clapping their hand.
person appears to be sneezing or coughing covering mouth with right hand then lifts right hand to face as if blowing nose or wiping face
a person walks forward and picks up an object from the ground, which they lift and put down again, then they turn around and walk back.
a person walks carefully on a rope and uses their hands against a wall to find balance.
man punching with just his left fist
a person walks forward slowly then stops.
a person picks up a phone and dials, calls then hangs up
a person is standing with its knees bent and he
the person jumped up then he was pushed from the left side.
running forward and then stopping.
a person squats down to the ground, picks up a box, then stands back up, and places the box on a higher surface.
a person appears to walk toward an object, knock or tap with right hand, and walk away again.
a person abruptly stumbles forward and regains his balance as if he had been pushed from behind.
a person walks on the spot at a normal pace
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person takes a big step to the right.
a person casually walks forward.
a person lifts up their arm at a 120 degree angle twice and then reverts their arm to the opposite lower part of their body.
crawling around then jumping up and running.
a man walks gently forwards a few steps.
a person jumps up and down 3 times landing dominantly on their right foot.
someone jogs in place, makes a quarter turn to the left and back, jogs backwards and then forwards.
the man is dancing using arms and legs
this woman slightly leans right and then uses both hands to throw an object, towards her right side.
person is holding a heavy object on their left shoulder and walking around
person looks to be washing a window with both hands
both hands are in front of the face lightly moving back and forth as the feet wiggle.
a person walking forward slow pace.
a person walks forward, turns around walks back, touches something high above them, and then turns around and walks back.
man doing a shaking hand motions
a person walks backwards and then steps up stairs backwards as well
the person is walking up the stairs and then down the stairs.
a person appears to hold an object with their left hand while stroking it with their right hand. they then turn around with said object.
a person walking in a steady pace
a standing person sways from their hips right to left in three cycles.
man stands with hands directed to both sides, he puts his right hand on the knee, then straightens it again
person walks in full circle
a person tilts right leg to right branch slightly, strides forward and follows with left leg.
robot walking forward slowly and then stopped.
the man walks forward and turn 180 degrees around then squats down.  after this he stands back up and walks forward a few steps.
a person pivots in a clockwise motion while holding both arms up and in fists
a person is scrubbing a window
figure walks forward, raises foot to step up and over, uses other foot to drop down, walks forward and stops.
a person runs quickly forward.
a person stretches their arms side to side.
a person is in a seated position and making a steering gesture.
a  man stands on the ground ,walks clockwise and then stops.
a person reaches forward with their right hand, then down to the floor twice, then walks in a circle
a man seated puts his foot on a pedal and his hands around a steering wheel.
a person walks forward, picks something up from waist level with their left hand, turns and walks back and forth, before appearing to return the object.
someone lightly jogs forward and hesitantly looks over the edge.
a person steps backward to their right before sitting down, and then stands back up.
a person doing jumping jacks.
a person slowly jumped back
a person raises both hands to their side then bends them inward.
a person walks on something with his arms extended horizontally to try to maintain his balance.
a person walks straight, takes a half turn to the left, walks and then stops
person jogs forwards while turning slightly to the left.
a person loosely jogs forward
waving hands while walking around.
a person walks in a large squiggly line to their right.
a man twists his neck,moves his arms up and downs one after the other,and then makes a circular  hand motion.
a person walk forward and stumbles when pushed from the side, recovers and begins walking again.
a squat jump with the arms wiggle back and forth the sides.
the person is kicking with his left leg.
a person stayed on the place and after raised left hand
a person walks in a counter clockwise ellipse.
a person walks in a straight line, before taking a right turn and walking straight back, repeated several times.
a man sidesteps energetically to his right, then again to his left, then steps back and stops in a standing position.
a person walks forward and then walks in a curve to their left.
a person walks forward with purpose
a person is walking heel to toe in a straight line.
person walks downwards before jumping once.
the person stretching his arms up high.
the man jumps up and twirls his body in a full circle before his feet land.
a person stumbles around and struggles to maintain balance.
person appears to be directing traffic with both hands.
someone runs backwards in a counterclockwise motion.
the person is walking backwards to wash something.
a person is holding something in front of them and swings to the right.
a person walks in a zigzag pattern.
a person grabbed soemthing and hit with it
the person raises both hands overhead. the person then jumps upwards with both hands overhead and returns to the standing position with arms at sides of the body.
a person tilts cautiously to the side then walks forward.
someone standing and moving hands
a person does jumping jacks; his hands meeting at the top, before pausing; then, he starts a walking motion in place, his hands swinging wildly to the front and back, alternating between arms.
a man leans down and puts his right knee and hand down to the ground and then left knee and hand, then man sits straight up kneeling down on the ground.
a person does a short sprint and stops and then starts sprinting again
hands come together above head with arms fully extended, returning back to hips and feet move slightly inward at the same time the hands meet.
a person walks briskly in an 's' shape around the floor.
person is facing forward for 5 seconds and then pushes backwards with the red foot.
a person on their stomach paddles their feet and uses a windmill motion with their hands as if swimming.
a person sits down on a chair
a person squats down and puts their hands up to their face while squatting. then brings their arms back down as they stand back up straight.
a person claps their hands once, then walks forward and sits down.
a person grabs their right arm in pain.
a person kneels over and touches something with his left hand.
a person turns a steering wheel.
a person is doing some sort of exercise/dance where they walk forward and raise their arm, before turning around and doing the same.
a person holds his right arm over his head and stretches it toward the sky.
the person is running fast to the left.
man stands straight up with his hands out in front of him and creates a patting motion in the air continuously.
a person lifts his right and left arm into the air.
a person leans to their right as they punch with their left arm.
a person lowers their arms to their sides and sways gently.
walking forward and then back.
a person sits down and motions with their left hand.
moving forward and jump on the floor and come backward.
the person was missing something with his right hand.
subject is standing facing ford subject then moves left arm slowly above left shoulder then puts it back down again
a person is pushed forward softly.
a person standing in a square, walks forward in a diagonal pattern.
a person picks up an object from the ground, then while moving foreward does and overhead chopping motion with both hands like a sword fighter.
the person is walking in a counterclockwise circle.
a man leans to the left, slightly lifting up his right foot.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
figure does a quick small jump and then walks fowardsd and then stops.
a person standing raises his left hand to talk on the phone.
a person walks forward and to the side
a person is walking around slowly.
a person brings their left hand to their head and then lowers it.
a person remains standing and claps their hands
a person is wiping something in circular motion.
a person walks forward to the right, steps up going back to the right and steps down two times.
person jogs in place very quickly.
sitting down in place.
a person runs forward quickly, stops on their right foot, then runs in a different direction.
a person standing with his arms by his sides steps to his right, leans to his right and raises his left arm above his head, drops his arm, then leans to his left, raises his right arm above his head, drops his arm, looks down and straightens up.
a standing person raises their hands to touch the back of the right wrist with the left hand and then lowers their hands again.
the person is walking in a clockwise circle.
bouncing in a clockwise circle, moving the elbow up and down towards the chest, sliding at the end with arms open.
a person stands upleft and puts their hands in front of them, moving them apart a little, as if moving something apart,
person walks anti counterclockwise   from back to front
the man is moving his legs and arms
a person jumped and turned in 90 degrees
he stepped in a big gap
someone puts their hands on something in the order left-left-top-bottom.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
the person marches forward at an even pace.
a person stands with their elbows up.
a person is pushed to the left while walking forward
a person is crouched down in fighting stance and stands to go into a flurry of fighting techniques.
a person turns right while walking then stops
a person is pulling something and then walks and puts their arms out
a person holds their face while crying.
a person picks something up with both hands, places it on their head and fastens it down.
a person does a pizza delivery motion and knocks using his right hand
the man walks in a counterclockwise circle.
the person jumps to the right.
a person uses their right arm to make a circular cleaning motion in front of them.
a person jumps, spreads their feet, and lifts their arms ovr their head.
a person punches up with their right arm
a person running back and forth.
someone is sitting down and thinking about what to do
a person walks a tightrope, swaying slightly from side-to-side as he maintains his balance.
a person claps with their hand, then walks to the left, then sits down.
an individual sets something up before slapping it repeatedly and then jogs away.
a person walks forward with their arms swinging, then stops and stands.
the person is doing a light hop.
a person turns and looks to the left
person loses balance and regains it quickly
a person walks from right to left and vice versa while facing forward.
a man steps forward, then turns to his right as he sits down on something, then brings his right hand up to the side of his head and lowers it.
person walks to the left crossing over their feet then side steps back to where they started.
someone is walking in place without changing their center of gravity
a person does a throwing motion with their right arm.
a person picks up something next to his body with each hand, does a washing motion with his left hand, then replaces the things with each hand.
a person walks forward and down a hill.
a man is singing loudly while walking forward.
the person stands still in a slight squat and then turns to their right and walks.
person walking backward in circular motion
a person walks straight, loses their balance and runs to the left, and then straightens out.
person is holding own hands.
a person turns around a nd starts walking. they stop after a moment and turn around again.
a person is walking in a stumbling motion and puts up one of his hands.
person is walking straight ahead
a man is walking on a treadmill with his arms swaying loosely at his sides.
person is walking as if injured
a man does a handsand, nearly falls, then stands up and does it again.
a man stands up from the ground, walks in a counterclockwise circle, sits back down on the ground, and then starts to push himself back up to his feet.
a person kicks someone or something in front of them.
a person bends at the waist, outstretching both arms to reach to the right, then the left, then straight in front of them
a person walks forwards, places their left hand on something to support them, then bends their right  knee back and using their right hand holds their shoe, to inspect the sole of it.
a person kicked something with left leg
a person stands up on their toes and then walks forward.
a person is walking up stairs while holding the hand rail.
jumping forward then stopping.
a person walks straight forward.
a man turn round and walks to other side and turn to the right.
a person uses his left hand to slowly move an object from his right side to the left.
person is rocking on their feet from left to right and back again repeatedly.
a person stretches and kicks out their left leg while balancing on their right.
the person says they are out.
person is walking casually and silly
figure seen walking in place lazily.
a person walks around an object and seems to be wiping the object.
a person raises their left arm up, while slightly moving their right arm.
a person raises their hand and then lowers it
the man standing still for a photograph.
person is practicing karate kicks
person opens container then drinks it with left hand
a person picks something up to the right at table height and moves it to table height on their left.
cowering while crouching down.
a person paces back and forth, anxiously.
a person sat on something and leaned the left hand near to face
a figure walks counter clockwise.
person walks backwards quickly, then stops.
the person draws a line in the sand
a person steps sideways, crossing one foot behind the other, kicks their left foot up while swinging their right arm out, then returns to where they started.
a person stanidn then jumps left and right
the person is sitting and put his right finger up.
a man walks up a flight of stairs, turns around and then walks down the stairs.
the person youโre stepping in for something theories it
person crouches down from standing position
a person swings their left arm in a circle, then swings it in a circle backwards.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a man runs to the left, turns around and runs straight. then he turns around again
a person crawls around like a monkey then stands back up.
a person gets into a stance and kicks with his right leg.
a man takes several steps backwards, punches with his left arm across his body then kicks with his left leg. he then walks back to his original starting point.
a man walks forward in a snake like pattern.
a person raised both their arms and started to clap.
a person walks, leaning over, while swing their left arm.
a person steps to their left, puts their hands up and then moves their right hand to catch or pull something.
person walks to the left and bends down looking for something , takes a few steps and walks again and bends down again.
a person bring both their hand out to their side, then rolls them around and then returns them back to their side
a person is squating and alternates raising his left and right arms up over his head.
holding and rocking a baby
the person move something from right to left.
a person slowly walk backwards
the person steps forward and bends down and moves their left hand around as if to wipe something.
the person gets up from the floor and sits up.
walking side to side while moving hands.
a person bends down as if pushed.
a person walks forward in a straight line and then stops.
a person walks forward two steps turns on right foot and walks back two steps.
a person kicking forward; four kicks, starting at low kick to high kick and back to low kick.
a figure hops in place
a person who seems to be playing guitar
a person walks in a complete circle
a person picks something up with his right hand, cradles it, then hold it up.
a person puts their hands on their hips and then circles their hips around counterclockwise.
a man stumbling across a room
person walking in figure eight pattern
person stands with arms outstretched then walks diagonally two steps to their right and sits down on a chair
a person wlowly walked forward
a person has both hands together.
a person stands tall and stretches arms forward while rotating between right and left arms.
figure appears to be saying no with a hand gesture
a person runs forward quickly.
person is walking casually and silly
the body tiredly walks in a slight bend right to left.
a person standing up catches something using both of their hands, then they throw something with their right hand above their right shoulder, then catches something using both of their hands, then they throw something with their right hand above their right shoulder
a person jumps few times and then jumps high
a man stands and  moves his right hand to the left side like picking something and places  it up.
a person gets down on their hands and knees.
a person is moving and walking while dangling his arms in front of him and then backward too.
a person enacting a mime with an invisible barrier in front of them touching with both hands
a person in a squat
a person holds left hand up above head to the side and right hand on hip and then squats and the holds both hands out, then goes back to earlier pose and then tilts to the left side.
a person walks forward then stops.
a man runs over a bench and gets down twice.
a person walks to the left makes a u-turn counterclockwise and returns to the right of their initial position facing away
a man raises its left arm.
the person swatted at someone with his left arm.
a person pivots backwards while holding alternating arms out in defense
a person walks slowly in diagonal
a person climbs down something.
a person holds something with both hands then throws it with their right hand and then lifts their left foot behind them.
man reaches down slightly to his right picks something up tilts it to his left and then replaces it
a man walks forward then turns around and sits, then gets up and walks back.
a peson walking using their right hand to balance
walking forward and then back.
a person scratches themselves using their left hand.
this person jogs forward a short distance.
person is walking forward slowly.
the person is standing on his right foot bending his left knee.
a person in a defensive pose leans left then right.
person takes a large step and staggers down walks forward and turns
a man does a box step waltz backwards.
a person does the motions to the tune "i'm a little teapot".
the person is pushing someone in the swing.
a person taking a bow forward. turning to his/her right, then taking another bow before returning to his/her original position.
a person starts off in a jogging motion and then slows to a walk.
person raises right arm above the head waving. while body sways. then turns to face to their their left while still waving, before turning to face forwards again
person opens drawer, take something out
moving arms side to side while walking.
man stands holding both arms up at his sides at a right anglefor 7 seconds then brings both hands down together to his left side and squeezed an object.
a person picks something up, walks across the room, sets it down, and reaches out to pick something up
a person slowly walked upstairs
a person climbing up something with their right hand slightly elevated, turn around then walks back down.
the man is stretching his body
person lunges forward with left foot first repeatedly
a person squatting slightly , then lifting both left and right arms above them.
a person warming up by swinging back and arms around.
a persons walks to the left
a person walks forward, turns around, sits, stands and returns to their original location.
a man steps backwards a few steps on even ground, and then steps backwards up some stairs.
person is punching the air.
takes a step forward then walks backwards to the right and to the left side.
the person turns around and starts to walk backwards towards the screen. he then faces us and walks backwards
a man is taking a garden hoe and tilling his ground with it to prepare his garden.
person is running back and forth
a person jogs to one side, turns around and jogs to the other, turns around and jogs back to their original position.
a person has a phone in their right hand and dials a number with their left.
a man is posing, turns around and poses again.
a person takes several steps forward with a slight limp, turns around, and lightly jogs back to their beginning position.
a person turns to the left, then looks at left wrist.
the person walks a couple of steps starting with the right foot
a person is walkin whilst crouched and kicks
pushing arms in and out.
a person dances around eratically.
a person walks backwards then to the right
person standing walks forward then back with large kicking or marching gait
a person slowly walks in a circle pattern as though they are ballroom dancing.
starting from their right foot in the air, person stands ready with fists up then takes two swings with their left hand downward then two more high and to their left and finally two rights downward mirroring the lefts from before.
a person flexes their left arm with their right arm bent inward.
a person stepping from left to right
person walking on unstable structure trying to maintain balance
a person waves their arms in a sinuous motion and then dances back and forth several times while waving their arms.
the person gets on their hand and knees and crawls around.
a person doing a roundhouse kick with the right leg.
the figure walks forward swiftly
a person runs to the right then the left then back to their original position.
a person extends their right arm outwards then back to their shoulder, in a curling motion.
a person does the motions to the tune "i'm a little teapot".
a person holds his arms in front of his chest and face and then kicks out with his right leg, turns and kicks with his left leg
a person is side stepping to the right and then to the left
a person walks to the left, then circles back and turns again.
dancing forward and with moving of hands and legs.
a person lifts something with both hands, tilts it, then sets it down
a person is bent over and is moving his left hand like he is washing something
a person sits down in a chair and then gets back up.
he is straining to do squats while holding a dumbell in each hand.
a person takes a few steps backwards, walks forwards and gets ready to throw something.
a person raises a foot, and then stomps it back down.
a person stepping backwards, moving in circles to avoid something or someone.
the person jumps, sticking out both legs from center body, while waving both arms above the head and then back to starting position.
a person moves each shoulder up and down rapidly in opposite directions, with their arms slightly outstretched.
the arms swing up moderatly fast and out to the sides of the person then the person sits down slowly as if in a chair
a man stands slightly crouched, before bringing both arms up and slamming at the air in front of him, then bends his arms in front of him and returns them to his sides.
a person grabs something with their right hand and begins to type some with his left hand and then brings the object to their head.
a figure drops to its hands and knees, crawls two steps, turns clockwise to crawl another two steps, then stands.
a person makes a shallow bow, before standing back straight.
person walks forward turns back and moonwalks a few steps  before doing a pose and lifting left arm excitedly
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks in in the opposite direction, then walks backwards, and then to the left, then steps backwards to the right.
a man is crouching then raises his left hand to his head the lowers it back down.
a person is standing very still only barely moving with their right arm bent and their right hand up at their face.
a person standing puts arms up.
a person grabed with right hand his left hand, and done some jesture with both hands
the man leaps to the left.
a person holds the violin with left hand, and plays with the right hand
a person raises their arms up and down multiple times.
a person kneels over and stays on his knees.
a person walks forward and turns to their left.
person jumps and spins in the air 360 degrees clockwise
a man walks backward and forward multiple times.
person stands still and moves hips in a clockwise position
a person stretching their right arm
a person with raises their hands in front of them, the squats.
this person moves right and left in a circular motion as if to dance.
a man steps up and then walks forwards.
a person walks and sits down.
someone walks forwards, then takes two steps back, then walks forwards again.
a person stirs with the right hand.
a person makes several gestures with their hands, appear to scratch, stretch their arms and wave their arms around while twisting their torso.
a man is randomly running in the diagonal direction
a person walks forward slowly
a person flaps both of their arms and steps back with their left foot.
the person stands in a slightly squatted position with both hands resting below their belly. they raise their red hand up asking somebody to stop.
a person holds its hand together and then kicks with its left leg.
a person is standing and throws something fast with his left hand.
the person is synchronized walking forward.
a person grab with hands something and carries over to the other place
a person performs left punches with his left hand in the kick boxing
a person lowers their arms, jumps, and then walks forward.
person grabs something with the right hand and puts it into their lefts hand, they step to the side and bend down to grab something with their right hand
walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
the person is running forward.
a person leans forward and moves his arm around in a circular motion.
a person falls to their left.
a man walks forward, stops and moves an object with his left hand.
the person is walking back and forth.
the person takes a step forward and appears to pick an invisible object up and brings it to where the face would be if the figure had one.
a person rotates in a clockwise motion
a man picks up cup and pours it into his mouth
a man takes sideways steps to his left, then immediately takes sideways steps to his right back towards his original position.
the person is sitting down eating dinner.
a person stumbles to their right, forward a step and then back to the left
a person walks forward then stumbles around as if they are drunk
a person jogs on place, swaying arms side to side.
person stumbles around blindly going right to left finishing facing forward
a person shuffles to the right and then back to the left.
the man is moving his left leg
a person dribbling a ball and then kicking it
someone moving forward and stopped
the person lift their right arm and starts looking at their watch
person lifts something as if to empty the content out by tilting it to the right
a person walks forward at a moderate pace, then turns around counterclockwise.
said person walked over and sit down
a man hunches over, and drangs something over tonthe side.
a person walks forward briskly a few steps and then stops.
person starts with left foot and casually walks forward.
a person pauses briefly then casually walks downward in a straight line, and stands in a relaxed pose.
the person is walking around the bend to the left.
moving the right hand on stand.
a person paces back and forward a few times before coming back to a stop.
he stood still while clapping his hands.
man punching with just his right fist
a person walks then stops briefly, he does a 180 degree turn and walks in that direction.
a figure stretches its arms and then its legs
person walks up onto a beam then walks across then walks down
a person is walking forward with hips moving right to left.
the person was scratching and ready to attack.
a person sways to the side and stumbles forward.
a person takes a step forward left their left leg, then brings the right foot next to the newly placed left foot.
person gets up from floor
a person who is standing with his arms away from his sides, raises his arms, leans left and swings his right arm above his head two times.
waving hands around near chest.
person is running in place and then stands still
standing person moving left arm as if they are rubbing their stomach.
a person is shooting a basketball with both hands.
using both arms and calmly lifting and dropping from right to left.
someone is sliding an object to the left
a person is moving both hands up and down in front of them.
a person quickly turns right then jogs to the left, stops and walks back to the right.
the person is standing with both arms elevated straight out to there sides. they then bring both arms in and hands are in the middle of the chest. they then make small mostions at chest level first with the righy arm then the right
someone who is running on a treadmil.
a person either throwing or hitting something with his right arm twice.
a person walks, turns to the right, walks, and turns to the right again.
the person with getting in the stance to throw the football.
standing in place a person makes circular motions with their hands while bobbing up and down and twisting their pelvis
person bends over backwards and walks with legs in front and hands behind and walks backwards then ends on his knees.
a person beckons for someone to come here.
a person turns around, walks forward, turns around, and then walks back.
a person raised left and right hand and jumped
the stick figure walked foward.
a person walks backwards, pivots, and then continues walking backwards slowly in a semi-circle.
a person walks backwards, then turns around then walks backwards again.
person is walking backwards.
a person steps back and starts sitting down before changing their mind and jumping up
a man lowers his arms to his side, then shuffles around in an erratic pattern, reaching for things at ankle-level with his right hand once and his left hand twice.
the person walks and comes to a stop.
a person waves with their left hand
the person is drinking water turning around and putting something on the shelf.
person is applauding someone with happiness.
a person dances forward then twist and dances back to beginning space.
a person moves his hips in a circle, then kicks his right leg our, then bends down.
a person walks in a straight line.
a person walks to the left then walks to the right then walks to the left.
a person shrugs shoulders while leaving both arms flaccid and then shrugs shoulders while bending elbows and making hand gesture.
a person slowly walked forward and return
they do a forward roll
a person readies themselves into a fighting stance, and takes a couple practice kicks.
a person jumping over a puddle
a person sloppily walks forwards diagonally to the right and then turns around and walks forward on the same path.
a figure walks forward and perhaps down stairs
a man steps forward, then picks something up with his right hand, then with his right hand, brings them close together, and sets them back down in the same order.
someone walks from left to right
the left hand is thrown fast forward as the right foot takes a step forward.
a person does three jumping jacks
a person jogs forward and stops
figure appears to be walking in a counter clockwise motion
a man steps backward and forward repeatedly with arms moving in front of him.
a person holds their head in their hands and bent slightly forwards, sways from left to right.
a person is walking around suspiciously
a man gets on his knees having both hands in the floor and started crawling.
the person whoโs drying the front of their body.
a person takes a large step diagonally with their left leg.
the person is doing the shake of the shoulders.
a person runs down to our right, stops for a second, then continues to run.
a person walks forward while swinging both arms. the person turns around and walks backwards.
a person is standing up and is lifting their right forearm towards their head and back down towards their feet.
he slowly walks forward directly
a person raises their arms straight forwards and then raises them again to the side
a person who's arms are straight out, puts them down.
a person kneels down slowly.
person is opening shelf and moving things around
a person slowly lifts weights with the left hand then the right all while shaking and putting in a lot of effort.
the sim appears to grab an object with both hands bringing it to their mouth & taking a drink .
a man does two star jumps on the spot.
the person is walking in place.
a person gets up from a cross legged seated position and does a small, athletic hop. they then raise their right hand and make a forward hitting motion, as if hitting a volleyball over a net. finally, they bend their knees and prepare to strike the ball again.
a man raises both arms above his head and squats down and returns to the starting position twice.
this person bends forward as if to bow.
the man holds something in his hand and then throws it with his left hand.
a person moves in clockwise direction
a person jumps up and down with their legs spread, both arms out to their side.
a person rubs their hands in front of their chest and then lowers them
the figure is balanced on the left foot of a straight supporting leg, left arm extended, holding right foot on a bent right leg with right hand; figure struggles with balance, hopping to its right then left, then bends arm and extends its right leg before further bending leg.
a person kicked something with right leg
a person walks forward, knocks as if knocking on a door, then turn around and walks away.
a person runs in place, stops, runs again, backs up, and then squats to the ground.
a person jogs from the right to the left.
a person sits down legs crossed
a person bends his left elbow with his left hand in front and palm facing down, puts his left hand back down, bends both elbows with hands in front and palms facing down, moves his forearms from left to right twice, then moves his left hand down and in front of him while his right hand moves down at his side, and finally moves left hand back down at his side.
a person hops up and allows their arms to swing gently.
a person is pacing round a room in circles
a person is walking around and comes to a jog.
a man lifts his right arm high and keeps his left low, wiggles them, then reverses these hand positions.
a person grabbing a item and then looking to the left and shaking the item then placing back down in the same place
person appears to be banging on bongo drums or another type of drum-like instrument.
a person jumps to the left and then stops.
happily waved hand above head.
a person leans slightly to their left using their left arm. person begins to walk diagonally towards the lower left area of the screen.
walking forward and then back.
a person leans over and takes something from his right side and places it to his left.
a man holds his hands up in front of him before turning around and putting his hands up to his face.
a man walks slowly down a slope
the person waddles low to the ground and then stands up and walks back.
a person raises his right arm in front of him.
the person is moving something around.
a person walks forward 5 steps then begins to raise their left hand.
the person is clapping his hands.
a person bends their left elbow repeatedly, raising their hand.
a person walks around obstacles.
someone is running in place.
a person waves bye bye.
a person drops their arms and runs in place.
a person raises their arms up above their head, walks down some stairs and then jumps.
he callls takiguchi then stops
person took a medium hop forward.
the man is climbing and doing stepovers
a person is holding his stomach with both hands and then puts his left hand on his knee.
a person walks straight forward in a leisurely manner
the person is walking in a straight line
a person jumps up and down on both feet while circling both arms forward in time with the jumps.
the person is throwing something.
a man stands up and turns slightly to the right, then walks in a circle.
a man walks forward, turning slightly to his left as he does, before ending in a standing position.
person is running forward quickly.
a lady kicks a ball while sprinting to get it into the goal for her team.
character lowers right hand then waves left hand in the air.
person is crawling around.
a man pats his right hand with his left hand.
person walks forward at a consistent, moderate pace.
a man shrugs his shoulders then takes a step back before waving with his right hand.
a man drops his arms suddenly and then raises them more slowly along with his back, then holds his arms out, holds them near his chest, then raises his right arm to pound at the air in front of him several times.
a man raises his left arm and the lowers it and raises his right.
the person is boxing with the right arm.
a person leans down to the right with his hand, then leans to the left
a person is walking forward fast.
the person is sitting down eating a hamburger.
a person is jogging in place.
the person moves around like a monkey.
the umpire sends signals to the picture
a person walks forward and then wipes their feet on the ground.
a person gestures to another person to come in their direction and then waves.
a person swings a tennis back hand with his left arm
stick figure stands up takes a few steps forward before putting somthing down and taking a few steps forward
a person walks forward quickly and leaves a trail behind them as if they are dripping paint
a person walks while using a hand rail
a person appears to lift weights witht bith hands, crocubing and then raising the weights above their head.
a person is stretching using his left arm.
a person balances on left foot whilst waving right leg around in the air.
a figure walks forward slowly and clasps its hands together
stands still then walks forward
a person lifts their right arm 3 times and then waves with the left arm.
a person walks in place with their arms swinging at their side.
a man makes two spartan kicks, followed by two medium high kicks.
a person is standing, before stepping twice onto a plane with their left leg, shuffling, stepping down onto a plane, shuffling, then stepping over an object.
a person performs a dance
a person lowers its arms and crosses its hands 2 times.
the man is walking and then starts running diagonally.
a man runs over a bench and gets down twice.
a person steps forward, turns around and runs in a semi circle clockwise and then reverses to run back counter clockwise.
a person walked i left and right direction
person is lied on ground with feet and hands spread wide apart uses both hands to get up into standing position
a person hops up and down
a person walks very slowly.
the person takes a step forward, ducks under something then takes two steps back before ducking under something else
a man walks to the side, and then circles back around. only one arm is swinging.
a person avoids something, dodging to their right.
a man with dangling arms and hands walks to the left and then walks to the right, drawing a blue line with his feet.
a person punches left, right, and then left again.
a person swinging its right arm, while its left arm is slightly elevated.
the man is dancing around.
the person goes from a standing position to a crawl position where the palms and knees touch the ground.
a person grabbed something and put it somewhere
a person walks forward, and repeatedly reaches down then shakes something
a man remains still for a few seconds, before hopping backwards.
someone takes steps to the left then to the right raising their hands
a person holds both of their hands together, then raises their right hand up to their face.
a person walks forward very slowly.
person walks left and picks something up
a person is catching something and throwing it back.
this person jogs quickly moving forward.
a person walks forward diagonally and turns to the right.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes three steps forward.
a person is in a upright position then goes into a squat position two times moving arms and hands to there chin
a figure walks backward a few steps
a person stretches with their arms up and twists their body to the left and then the right.
the man walks forward and lifts an object from the floor and places it on a table turns and walks back.
figure stands and swings both arms in opposite directions inward, changes direction to swing both arms in opposite directions outwards, stops and bends forward to swing both arms in opposite directions over the head.
the person is jogging with dumbbells.
person hold arms up and stumbles forward into the right.
a figure sits down and rises up.
the person sits down and throws something with their left hand
a person walks up two stairs starting with their left leg, then walks backwards down the stairs, and then walks in a semi-circular path to their right.
a person jogs at a medium pace.
a person walks clockwise in a large curve while swinging their arms.
a person walks around with their arms bent backwards, imitating a chicken
a person walks zig zag forwards then to their left.
a person slight runs forward then stops.
a man presses on object over his head using both arms.
a person squats down and picks something up from the ground with their left hand. they then stand back up.
a person kicks back their right foot.
this person appears to right something heavy from right to left.
the person backed up and sat down.
a person answers the phone with the right hand.
a person waves with both hands.
person is doing fast jumping jacks
a person walks in a clockwise circle
person appears to walk forward then liens on some thing with both hands then walks backwards to where they started.
a person stretches their arms above their head
a person steps forward and reaches out with their left hand to pick up an object that is at their waist level. they raise it to their mouth and take a sip, then put the object down.
the person takes a shot with the shotgun
person crouches down lots of times hovering on knees with arms flapping
a person lifts an object with his right hand
a squatting person brings food to their mouth with their left hand.
person opens something and takes a drink.
someone grips an object in both hands and repeatedly raises and lowers it in a chopping motion.
a person walks forward, raises their right hand and sets it back down.
a person standing with little motion
a person waves with their right hand then stops.
a person with their forearms upleft, rasies their arms 3 times.
a person does jumping jacks bringing their arms up above their head and their legs out and then moving back to a standing position.
moving arm down from head then walking backwards.
the sim takes a step forward, sits down, raises their left hand to their head, then placing both hands in front of them as to be holding a steering wheel.
person moves fprward five steps down steps
a person throws something with its right hand, then catches something with both hands.
the man uses both hands to lift the dumbbells
a person is pretending to be a chicken
a person stretching arm outs.
a person walks forwards, turns around on their left foot, and walks forwards.
the person is doing something with his left hand.
a person walks forward with their left arm slightly lifted and bent, walks backwards and bends their arm downward in a 90 degree angle, spins around clockwise and walks forward with their left hand out and bent
a person tilts left leg to left branch slightly, strides forward and follows with right leg.
the person is walking around in a strange way,
a person, holding something in their right hand, wipes a table with their left hand and wipes one area a bit harder.
a person lifts both hands toward face and then lowers them to their sides.
a person waves with their right hand.
the person is using their left arm in order to reach out and grab objects in from of them.
swinging arms up and down.
the person stepped over some thing while walking forward.
a person walks to the right in a partial circle.
person lifts left leg and does two kicks.
a person steps forward and reaches out with their right hand, stopping, then swinging it back towards them, stepping back and stopping in a  neutral position.
a person walks forward in two steps and holds an imaginary can and shakes it before turning around
walking backwards then forwards and kicking.
hop turn left 270 degrees in the air
the man drops one arm then raises it again.
a person grabbed soemthing and hit with it
a person prepares and object in front of them with their hands then, scrubs their face with their left hand.
a person walks forward and then walks in a curve to their right.
the toon is walking slowly with their hands raised to the end of the plane.
a person jumps with their arms extended to the side.
the man throws a punch with each hand.
the man is lifting both arms
a person runs sideways to their right.
individual appears to be falling in the direction of their right as aeen.
right arm flexed from up and down by waist and then right arm raised over head.
a person walks around the room.
a person slowly walked forward
the man first steps back with his left foot, than follows his right. the man begins to sit facing his right side. he sits for four seconds than gets back up, with his right foot leading.
person walks in a clockwise circle while leaning forward and extending arms outward, moving them up and down in a "scratching" motion.
a person stands on his right leg and hops up and down.
a person stands with elbows bent and leans to the left at the waist oh, then to the right. then the person swings from the left to the right with arms outstretched.
a man hops to his left
person appears to lift something with right hand then with left hand.
a person raises their left hand to their head, keeps it there for a couple seconds, then lowers it and quickly raises it once more.
the person is lifting a dumbbell with their left arm.
a person moves arm back and forth and then sets something down on the ground.
a person takes a stroll in a counterclockwise circle, then barely cross where he began.
a man is playing a violin.
a person bends their arms at the elbows and paws at their face
someone deeply squats then barely jumps up.
bring your right heel over your left heel as if doing a rainbow with a soccer ball and do a hop, repeat the process.
a person slowly walks forward, then squats and jumps in place.
a person who is throwing a ball
a figure side-steps quickly, like a basketball shuffle -- first to the right and then to the left
person standing lifts right around to head height
a person walks forward quickly and then stops
a person raises their right arm and waves.
the person takes a large step towards their left.
a man slowly walks backwards and then walks side to side before walking forwards.
a person appears to be throwing a shot put with their arm starting near the shoulder position.
person takes one step forward leans down to pick something up and takes two steps backwards.
the person takes 4 steps up and 4 steps back down.
this person very carefully walks forward.
the person throws something with its red arm.
the man stand opposite direction like a exericeses.
a person walks around in a long circle.
person takes step back, turns around, then lifts hands to both sides
a person admires a ring on their finger.
a person cautiously walks, turns around clockwise walks a bit, turns counterclockwise, and then raises their arms
the person is respectfully taking a knee for blm
the person is lifting a dumbbell with their left hand
a person unsurely walks forward in an crooked, diagonal line.
a person with its arms raised, places them down, then brings them up and started to do circles.
walking backwards then back.
the person picks up the bottle of wax then wipes down the car
a person jumps up and down several times.
a person walking quickly forward but slightly to their left
a person walks in a counterclockwise direction.
walking forward while jumping.
a person readies themselves to throw an object, then steps forward and makes a throwing motion.
figure stands, turns right and walks, stops, turns left and walks, turns right and stops halfway, turns forward, and then stands.
a person walking towards an edge and then stopping to examine.
a man is slightly crouched, and he moves his right arm, pauses with his arms at his sides, then brings his arms up, wiggles his hands, then slams his left arm down.
person turns 45 degrees to the right and jogs a few pace, then turns 180 degrees and jogs back, before turning back to jog to where they started.
the person is stepping over something
the person is walking on a treadmill.
a person stretches and kicks out their right leg while balancing on their left.
the man walks forward at a normal pace
he does a bend left
a person standing still for three seconds then steps out with right leg followed by the left leg.
a person  takes a couple of bows.
a person that is jogging in place.
a person runs forwards in a vaguely straight line.
a person sits briefly and then rises again
left hand circular motion medium speed
a man walks slightly to the right with both of his hand touching the walls on each side of him.
a man rowing from right to left in a canooe
a person walks straight then turns to the right.
a man is marching around in a circle.
the person is running in circles.
the person is doing a freestyle swimming stroke.
a man stands arms at his side jumps up and down 5 times on both feet slowly.
the person double pours something to mix.
a person waving hands to the crowd holding microphone on his other hand, while moving back and forth
a man steps to the left.
person walks backwards and sits down then gets back and and walks forwards
a person is walking around the room.
a person runs forward from the right to the left.
the man is making gestures
a person walks extremely slowly
starting form a standstill, a person saunters forward.
a person is side stepping to their right and then to their left
the person is boxing with his left and right hand.
a person is walking in a counterclockwise circle.
a person bows head deeply.
the person is doing a russian dance
a person walks in a figure eight pattern and stops before finishing.
a man extends his left arm up over his head, while his right arm is bent in front of his chest.
the man is walking slowly
person walking forward slowly leading with the left foot.
walking forward and then to the side.
walking in a straight line
a standing man rests his left hand on an object and kneels down onto the floor.
a person walks to his right.
person is standing and puts arms out to side
a person doing jumping rope
the person is walking forward then turning around.
a person uses both hands to lift an object at waist height, moves it to the right, then puts it down.
a person standing bows once.
a person steps up and sticks their arm out straight
a person does a bow to the left, then to the right.
the figure is walking in a counter counterclockwise motion slowly.
person walking forward and to the left making circle.
the man is doing arm circles.
a person is dancing the waltz.
a person dances to the right and then the left while stepping foot over foot.
walking forward and then throwing something.
a man stands prepared and aware, then suddenly takes an abrupt step backwards and regains his ready stance.
a man turns and walks in an arc to the right.
this person takes a large step to the left then stops and repeats the step.
a person twists to the left, then steps backward to the right, and sits down.
a person holds an object against their side with their left hand, walks quickly forward, turns around, and slowly walks back in the opposite direction.
the man warms his hands and face at a fire.
a person walks anti clockwise in a semi circle then jumps twice
a man is walking around in a circle.
a person bows their head forward and then stands up straight.
person walks to the left, opens something and then walks back
a person slowly walked forward and in left direction
a man is standing then appears to kick something in with his left leg, then walks away.
a person raised the left hand
a person walks diagonally forward
a person dances like michael jackson by kicking their left leg and moonwalking backwards.
a person uses their right hand to throw an object in front of them.
a person sits and tries to throw an object with his left arm over his head then he tries to throw side-arm, it then stands and tries to throw an object.
a man jumping and opens his hands like a hug .
a person limping with right leg hurt and going around in a circle.
a person running in a line
a person gets on his left knee and crawls towards something.
a person walks backwards slowly comes forward and kicks the does this twice and on the third time kicks to the left
a person moves something with their left hand, then does two counterclockwise motions with it, then seems to put an object inside something before pressing two more sections.
a person is jogging, alternating right foot and left hand moving forward, then their opposites.
the person grooms his hair, smoothing it down and making himsef presentable.
person stands straight with both arms stretched outward, claps their hands five times and returns both hands down to his side
a person takes a step back and to the left, sits on an invisible object, gets up to stand, and takes smaller steps back to the original position.
person turns to right, takes three steps forward, sits down, and then walks back to starting place.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person appearing to be seated at a high stool opens and closes a laptop.
a person slowly walks from side to side going forward.
someone rests their hands on their hips, and leans forward to stretch while spinning something on their hands.
he sidesteps 8 times turns and sidesteps back four.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs
the person walk forward during our freestyle lunge towards someone.
the person raises their right arm and brings their hand to their face.
a person walks diagonally from upper left to lower right across the path.
person was walking towards the left.
a person walks backwards a few steps.
a person places his hands on bent knees, sways back and forth, then stands and walks backwards.
a man does a cartwheel, turns around and walks away.
the person hesitates then slowly puts their right foot first and takes 5 steps forward and then stops.
person walks slowly down some stairs using a railing.
person is crouching down like a tiger.
a person grabbed something and tred to open it
a person climbs down something.
a person stands legs slightly bent with hands on thighs then lifts arms straight out sideways.
this person is raising his left knee then right knee and doing swats.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes three steps forward.
a person runs forward with both arms swinging
a person walks around in a long circle.
a person stands in place and squeezes a spray bottle with right hand, then wipes an object in counter counterclockwise circles with left hand.
walking forward in a straight line then back.
a man walks in a clockwise circle
a man dances, moving his legs in forward and backward steps as his arms move with his body, often making circular or twirling motions.
a person picks up an item with their left arm and looks at it.
person gets on hands and knees, crawls forward, turns around, crawls back to where it started and stands up.
a person stands, waving back and forth with one arm.
a person walks forward 4 steps.
a person takes a few steps forward.
a man bend at his hips and touches his right knee then touches his left knee.
man jumps in the air and then take several side steps to his right.
a person raises their hands toward their face, then makes rapid jabbing motions with their left arm.
person is sitting doing something with hands, perhaps sewing
the person standing still with his arms crossed.
a figure walks forward slowly then turns and paces
a person walks forward and up some stairs in a straight line.
a person gets on the ground and crawls on the floor then turns around continues to crawl. then gets back up in standing position.
person waves with right hand above head
the person plays with the small puppy
a man walks in a counter clockwise circle, then begins to jog.
the person is running very quickly.
a man raises both arms out in front of him, lowers his arms, and then raises both arms out to each side.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs
a person raises their right hand thoughtfully, kicks towards the right hand side with their right leg, and extends their right arm and left leg outward rapidly.
the person is walking back-and-forth.
the upper body slightly turns to the left and back with hands dangling by the side.
the person lifts both arms in the air and drops them back.
the person stands and lifts both arms.
a man steps backward towards the right side then steps forward towards the left side.
the man reaches with his left hand for something then raises his hand to place it over there.
a person stands still and slightly moves their left arm in a twitch then shakes their right arm as if loosening the muscles.
a person acting like a tiger
a person runs forward and then to the right.
a person steps up and left in one motion.
a person is standing up putting their hands towards their face
the person is boxing with her left arm.
the person walks forward doing a dribble kick.
a person takes one step diagionally forward and left.
a person walks forward, turns around, and jogs forward.
a person walks forward 6 steps and on takes a bigger step on the second step.
the person is folding arms together than puts arms back to side.
a person stepping backwards and then pushing against a wall behind them before stepping forward.
person picks up something and adjusts top with left hand and puts it back down
a person sat in a seat repeatedly turns a steering wheel quickly.
this person walks forward and to the right, turns and bends forward while walking.
a person bobs back and forth while raising their arms in front of their chest.
a man lifts his ams and bends them repeatedly.
the person is getting ready to relax.
a person walks forwards and turns around on their right foot
a person throws something with their right arm.
a person is balancing on top of something on their left foot, both arms extended for balance, then they switch to their right foot.
a person is walking with a kane.
a person fakes a handoff with a football and then proceeds to throw it.
crouching and then laying down.
a person walks forward a few steps with their arms swinging loosely at their sides.
a person walks at a normal pace
a person slowly walked forward and returned
the person is stretching arms out.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes one step forward and three steps to his right and stops.
a person walks with is left hand to his neck.
a person folds their arms across their chest.
person moves forward six steps then stops
the hands go to the chest, then the left hand winds up in a circle motions before a throw, moving the body forward.
the man is throwing his right hand
a person standing up uses both of their hands to swing an object with little force.
a person stands from sitting position.
someone is walking forward and is pushed backwards, then they recover and continue walking forward.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs and return
a person uses both hands to lift an object at waist height, moves it to the left, then puts it down.
a man slowly walks forward.
a person is jumping small jumps.
moving hand around near chest.
a person picks up a phone and dials, calls then hangs up
a person walks forward, then turns around then walks back.
the person is holding the camera to focus on a subject
person steps backwards, then walks forward swing arms in circles, and then turns around and continues on their way back to the starting point.
a man raises both arms and waves.
a person doing a fun dance.
a human figure is seen swimming
person may be moving something.
person is using a device in his left hand
the person left on his foot up walked her step went up a little bit higher and then stopped.
the person is doing upper body stretches.
a man raises his left hand to his head and then lowers it 3 times.
a person raises both hands together to head height, then moves their left forearm back and forth rapidly.
a person walks backwards a few steps
a person walks slowly forward and stops after a few paces.
a man is wiping a surface with their left hand then walks to the opposite end of the rooms and drops an object.
this person reaches right with both hands.
a person starts in the stand up position with his arms out to straight on his sides and is then seated and does "the wave' motion with his left hand
stick figure squats then jumps forward.
the figure is standing on a slight slant and hops slightly in place five times
a person slowly walks forward and stops.
the person is lifting a dumbbell with their left hand.
a person walks in a path curving to their right.
the person takes a few steps back and raises their right hand, then moves forward and lifts their left hand up defensively.
person making disco motion with hands
this person is walking backwards aboht 5 steps
a person stands still and then steps backward with both feet.
a person holds an object steady with their left arm and strums with their right arm.
a person walks forward slowly.
a figure does a standing sprint
a person is walking around while crouched
a person turns to his right and paces back and forth
the person is walking forward.
while standing up, the persons left arm is down at it's side. the right arm is at chest hight and  is moving in and out like it is gesturing something.
a person walks forward slowly.
a man walks counter clockwise in a circle
a figure wind mill kicks around the mosh pit.
a person walks down stairs.
a person bends his left arm inward in front of his chest
person reaches out with left hand as if to grab something, then brings both hands up together in front of the chest.
the person was walking clockwise.
a man bends neck and body to mimic a snake.
a man slowly walks forward with his left hand on the railing.
a person raises their right hand to their head.
a persons begins to run forward slightly to their left
person moves left arm forward in front of face.
putting the right hand on the hip and the left hand moving forward and backward.
person appears to flex his muscles as if they are a body builder.
a man jumps high with elbows bent.
the person playfully moves their hands around as if mimicking a dog.
a person walks straight and turns to the right
person standing walks forward slowly 5 steps  and gestures a throw
a person reaches forward with their right hand twice, then reach down and pick up two things with their right hand.
a person leans to their right and stretches.
person takes one sidestep to their left
someone moves their arms upwards then downwards in a repeated motion.
a person walks forward with exaggerated backward kicks with every step.
a person forming a straight low kick
a person is standing straight, and suddenly goes backwards as if they were shoved, but does not fall down.
this person bends forward with hand near face as if he is hurting.
a person jumps upwards once
someone doing exercise, dumbbell over head
a person is doing stretches
a person walks and bends right
a person bends his left arm to eat
a man walks casually and relaxed in a counterclockwise circle.
the man plays violin holding it in his right hand.
a person takes a large step with their right leg
the toon is standing still, extending their right arm, touching their left leg before raising both arms above their head.
a man lunges forward and kicks with his right foot.
a person picks something up and moves it to the left.
a person is carefully drinking from a cup
a person is doing jumping jacks on the spot
a person walks sideways to the left, stops, then walks sideways to the right.
a man claps hands together.
a person walks forward slowly and deliberately.
a person moves his left hand in the air.
a man walks in a zig zag
a person puts their hands above their head and wiggles around.
a person is walking forward down stairs.
a person is moving around the room while moving his hands.
a person slowly walks forward with their head down.
a person holds his arms up and bends forward to the left to hold off something approaching.
a man stands in place, then spreads his arms out and in, appearing to be a ballerina of some sort
a person lifts weights above their head with both arms.
a person walks in a circular path.
a man squats down and raises his left hand.
person is squatting and and raises both arms up straight out and then down. then at the end then raises arms back up
a person picks things up with both hands and mixes them together.
a standing person raises their left hand above their head and then lowers it.
person is doing a dance move.
a figure walks forward and turns 180 degrees from the right before walking back towards the starting point
a person walking carefully while holding onto rails on each side
a person interlocks his fingers, stretches his arms out in front of him, and then stretches his arms above his head from right to left.
a man walks forward but seems to loose his balance
a person pushes his arms up, as if he is benching a set.
a man leans down and wipes something with his left hand.
a man walks forwards at medium pace with his arms swawing gently.
the person is doing a scamper dance.
figure is hopping in a big circle, first on left leg, then on right leg, then back to left leg.
a person is punching with their right hand.
person is waving hands in front of him.
running in a circle then back.
the person is drinking out of a cup.
a person walks around in a counterclockwise circle
a person with their arms bent at the elbows and hands pointed in, stretch their legs while bending more on the left leg and straightening the right.
a person appears to be engaging in karate, and makes four karake kicks total.
a person squats and stands.
the person is hammering a nail.
a person does a swinging golf club motion
a person walking in a circle pattern
a person walking side by side very carefully as if trying to steal
the man picjs something up looks at it them puts it back down.
a person slowly turns clockwise and turns their back. then they place their hands behind their back.
a person moves right shoulder backwards, then left shoulder backwards. person then takes a step backwards with left foot, then right foot, and finally left foot.
a person carefully sits down on the ground and crosses their legs.
the figure walks and takes a leap forward landing then moving forward.
a person is pushed from the left and continues walking.
a person jumps repeatedly using his arms and legs to resemble a skiing pattern.
a person rotates while jumping and  walks back to their starting position.
a person raises his left hand above his head.
a person runs sideways in a clockwise way, before running back counter clockwise to their original position
a person bends over and stand back up, then bounces in place in preparation to run forwards with a hunched over stance
man is putting his phone in his hip pocket.
a person walks forward from one end to the other.
a person makes a wiping motion with their left arm in front of them
the person is walking to the right doing an ax kick.
a person is pushed by an unseen force, before they recover.
person is shimming their hips and shoulders side to side. their neck movement also shows their head looking side to side.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle and stops.
a person fast running forward
the person is walking around the bend to the right.
person walks up stairs holding onto bannister with left hand
a person slowly walked forward
a person sitting down at first then proceeds to get up and walk to their right and stands still with their arms out in a t position
a person walks forwards casually.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a figure starts out standing sits down cross-legged and then returns to a standing position.
a person bends forward, as if nodding their head.
the man drops his outstretched arms the claps to the right and then to the left.
a person walks slowly forward then toward the right hand side and stands facing that direction.
the person walk forward during our freestyle lunge towards someone.
a person hunches with hands forward then shakes his head right to left.
a man crawls around on all fours before standing up.
a figure steps back and sits down, then stands back up and steps forward.
a person walks in a s shaped line.
the person sprays a window then wipes the substance off with the other hand.
the sim is lifting a dumbbell with their left arm.
a person walks in a u-shape going right then left.
a person runs to their left for 4 steps, turns around, runs back 5 steps and then walks back to where they began.
a person steps forward with their left foot, then walks backwards and to the left and steps back with their right foot, then repeats the motion.
a person walks back and forth from left to right, then stops in the middle.
a person takes a small hop forward.
a person walks down in an s pattern, bends down and picks something up and puts it down to the left twice in a row.
person walks from top right towards bottom left, backtracks, walks forward to top left, and backtracks again.
a person takes two steps forward, turns 180 degrees to his right and walks back to where he started.
a person holds something with their left hand, reach at it with their right hand and lift that to their face repeatedly.
a person is punching with their right hand.
the man turns to the left and takes 5 steps.
a person is walking in reverse whilst looking back
a person lunges to his left while shaking his left hand.
a person uses their right hand to lift something up to drink.
a person picks up something with their let hand then uses it to clean something
person is holding right leg with both hands while standing on the left one.
a person hops on their right foot, jumps with both feet wide apart then jumps again with their feet closer together
lightly hopping up and down on the ground.
a person is raising their arms in the air with their legs bent as if lifting weights.
a person who is standing with his hands at his sides walks ever so slowly forward, turns 180 degrees, then takes a step toward the point where he started.
bending down and moving hands.
the sim kicks an object with their right foot.
a person slowly walked forward and returned walked backwards
a person balances on his right foot with arms outstretched. he swings his left foot from the side to the front of his body.
a person walks forward while lifting their hands awkwardly.
a man walks down steps stopping at the bottom
person is waving to an audience
a person stayed on the place, and raised left hand and made circle
walking forward and then stopping.
a person flings an object with their left hand then showcases something with both hands.
a person's feet are pulled forward and their fall over on their back.
a person mimicking a bear by a screaming gesture
a person holding right arm out, while lifting and lowing left arm in sequence.
a person crosses their wrists together making an x.
the person is jumping up and down in exitement.
a man walks forward, toward the screen, turns to the right, then back to forward, then starts walking backward until his first position, then side steps to the right at a slight angle
walking forward with arms outstretched.
a person holds a very low squat position.
a person kneels down while holding onto a stool
a man walks forward, stops and turns in a circle and walks forward again and picks some thing up. then turns in another circle and walks forward again
a person holding something walks forward and places it down, then turns around and walks.
the person walks forward slowly.
a man throws something with his left hand
the  person is calling with his left hand.
a person carelessly walking left to right.
moving arm down from head then walking backwards.
this person is doing jumping jacks.
a person continually walks forward.
someone in a fighting stance, kicking with their right foot.
a person is holding both his hands raised.
a person jerkily dances, stepping one foot over the other, moving in a clockwise circle while moving their arms outwards and upwards
the person is lifting something with his right hand.
a person is kneeling on the floor and stands up by placing their left hand on the floor and pushing off.
someone brushing something off of their arm
a person jumps and stretches out her legs and arms to the sides, pauses, and then performs jumping jacks.
the person is walking and turning right.
the person is leaning on a table
someone deeply squats then barely jumps up.
a person raises their left hand slightly then sets it back down.
a person lifts up an object, tilts it and then places it back down where it was before
a person walks to the left in a partial circle.
person is exercising their left arm
a person walks up, turns around and starts dribbling and shooting.
a person with arms raised above their head squats and then raises repeatedly
a person is standing and looks down.
a person bowing down like in a theater play
the person has hands up like holding something heavy then takes a step backwards
a person does jumping jacks
a person bows to ready then gets in a martial arts ready stance.
this figure is happily strolling as if he won something
a person happens to notice something on the ground in front of him and steps forward and bends over to grab it while resting his right hand on his thigh to protect his sore back.
a person is walking up something then turns around and walks back down.
a man walks forward and then sits down.
person is walking up on a stair.
a person is standing still, then raises their arms.
person gets up from sitting on their knees
person walks forward with hands straight up in the air
person stands stationary, left arm twitches
a person who is standing with his hands at his sides quickly runs forward and stops.
person is acting like a predator animal
a man walks forward before stopping.
the person is walking holding onto the table.
the person is doing a very fast dance sequence.
the person got up from a kneel with his left arm.
a person does a short jump
the person has pulled his right arm up towards his head.
a person walks diagonally to the left
a person throwing with his left hand and catching it with both his hands.
a person walks forward a few steps
the person has pulled his left arm up towards his head.
person is drinking something from big container
the sim takes a couple steps forward, then turning to their left before walking back the opposite direction.
a person keeps their right leg in the air and wiggles it all over the place
a person is walking across a narrow beam.
a person is walking forward while trying to balance with his arms
a person jogs a few steps to his left, jogs a few steps to his right, and then jogs a few steps to his left again.
a person walking around, unsure of where to go.
a person walks a few steps, then begins to jog or run.
a person calmly walks forward and then stops.
a person carefully steps to the side, going to their right first and then their left.
the toon raises their right hand as to take a drink from a cup.
a person is walking upstairs.
a person turns to the left, walks forward and looks around all over.
a person steps forward with left leg and then swings left arm trying to throw a ball underhanded.
a person turns around in a counter counterclockwise circle, walks forward and to the left hand side, then bends down to pick something up with their right hand.
a person slides forward with their left leg leading, and then stops while moving their body backwards.
the person walks in a straight line at a angle to their left, then turns around and jogs back to the start.
a person lands on his left foot as if hopping off of something, then takes a few steps forward and to the right.
person is holding his head because he feels dizzy.
a person sits on the ground, takes something out with his left hand and holds it up with his right
a person standing in one position, gently swinging both arms in back-and-forth motion
a person on land is teaching the motions used to swim breast stroke.
the left hand comes to the chest and moves back and forth in a waving motion.
a person takes one hop into the air and then lands.
a person walks slowly in an s pattern with both arms outstretched in front of them.
walking forward and then stopping.
the man jumps to his right side as if he's dodging something
a person takes a large side step to the right
the figure is running on a diagonal.
a person steps backwards and then to the side before walking forward
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walking around, unsure of where to go.
someone is walking forward, and then sitting down on something while moving lots of other things around with their hands, and then getting up
person walks quickly forward as if in a hurry
the person is walking forward leaning over a table.
crawling around then jumping up and running.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back to where they were before
a person makes tennis motiins right and left.
a person rotating down to the ground and reaching with one arm.
sitting down crisscrossed, the left arm chucks forward and chucks forward again.
the person is dancing the salsa.
a person is pushed hard from his right side and he moves towards his left.
person is throwing something.
a person throwing a left punch and subsequently a right kick.
a person reaches forward and holds something, steps back, then with their right hand the pass something forward.
a person standing up and both arms up like a zombie
person holding hands clapsed together near face then person lowers arms out tp front
figure appears to be dancing and incorporates a nice slide in there
someone lifts their right arm up overhead and stretches to the left.
the person is holding onto the handrail
a person dodging something coming at him and then sighs in relief that it didnt hit him
person standing steps back to the right then to the left
look like the person is walking a step on something
a man kicks with his right leg- first up, then to the right, then backwards.
a person does a pizza delivery motion and knocks using his left hand
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
someone kicking the leg out
a person dances on the spot.
a person stretches out his arms
he does a weird sexy walk
a person takes a few steps forward, turns around and walks back.
a person stretches arms and walks while touching wall.
person is holding out hands to the side. then he holds hands in front of him and jabs each hand forward.
a person does a quick wheel-like spin kick with left leg, pivoting on right leg while both arms resume fighting gesture.
a man catches then throws an object.
swinging body in a circular motion.
the person sits on the floor, then gets up and walks in a counterclockwise half circle, and then goes back.
a person reaches for something with their left arm and then their right arm then proceeds to scrub something with both arms, they then reach for something with their left arm and their right arm again
person, whilst facing forwards, steps round in an anticlockwise direction in small circle.
a stick figure without a head raises the arm on the left side of the screen. he then raises both his arms outward, bent just a bit and twist side to side before lowering his arms again.
character crotches down and walk forward a few steps. reaches right hand behind him and thrn rubs head with left hand.
this person raises his right arm into the air.
the person took a large step to step over some thing.
a man jumps then stumbles and then jumps again.
person lifts right arm in throwing motion then lifts  both arms together touching hands on left side
the man squats down and shivers several times before standing back up.
a person walks forward and then up stairs.
the person was getting in position to kick the soccer ball.
a person imitates biting into something then waves their right hand around randomly.
a person picks up a long object, flips it upright while turning left, then steadily places it on something.
persons makes right fist punching motion
a man lifts a weight with his left hand.
a man jumps then kicks the air whilst moving to the opposite end of the room.
a person walking and then recovering from a push to the left
a man takes a big step towards his right.
figure briskly rotates both arms in a few circles, reverses motion and then stops
a person is head banging
person person put his right arm up like he was looking out a watch.
a man stumbles and leans on an invisible object to support and help him reposition himself.
person moves right hand over head while bending on left side
a person holds their hands in front of them and moves them in a circular motion
a person jumps at one place with both legs.
the person is climbing on a stepstool to change a lightbulb.
a person in a very delightful mood
a person marches forward, turns around, and then marches back.
person is looking around side to side and then nods.
a man walks forward, pressing his left arm along a wall in rhythm with his steps as walks
the person is making an arm and hand gesture.
a person spins maybe a water bottle as they drink it with both hands.
a person crawls on hands and knees forward, stands up with side showing.
a person crouches and crawls from one end to the other
person stands still with arms at side and hands swaying slightly.
a person is walking forward swinging their arms side to side
a person is doing karate kicks
a sitting person reaches forward and grabs something close to them, then raises it to their head.
a person dials a phone and holds it to their left ear.
walking forward and then back.
a person walks downward in a straight line and avoids an object by stepping over it.
a person aggressively grabbing holding something before drinking it.
a person walks backwards with arms slightly out at the sides, turns around and walks backwards back to the starting position.
a man bends his legs, lifts his arms slightly, and then jumps twice on the spot.
the left hand is straight up in the air as the right hand is straight down back and forth.
a figure takes a big step forward and downward.
a person takes one large step backwards.
a person raises his left hand elbow up towards the face and lowers it.
a person is pushed to the left but quickly recovers
a person walks forward with soft steps.
a man walks in an irregular patttern turns around and sprints back to the start
a person walks to their right.
a person marches forward aggressively than turns around and does the same.
walking forward and then stopping.
the figure walks forward and looks like he trips on something.
a person moving both arms in a certain rotation and then bending both arms backwards like a stretching motion
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides pauses, hops to his left, slides on his left foot and stops.
someone scrolls from left to right and then stands
standing up a person leading to their left looking down at their left arm
a person is cleaning a window
man kicks and jumps with right leg
a person takes a step forward
a person picks something up, tilts it, and then places it back.
a man is driving a car.
a person lifts both his hands sideways while squating.
the person is steeping over two objects
person is stretching by wrapping one arm around the other and having the stretching arm out to their side.
a person quickly hops forward to the right with left foot leading with arms upraised before swinging the right arm down. the figure then returns to the starting point walking.
a person does 2 high jumps.
a person tries to move their left arm twice, both times wincing in pain and holding the arm with his right hand.
a person walks and turns to right.
a person takes a few steps forward.
person raises both arms then right arm to shoulder above head
a person bends both arms at the elbows and shoves the shoulders backwards several times.
a person walks slowly in a circle but then jumps back abruptly and continues to hop around.
the person is placing some thing from the left onto the right.
the man crawls to the right then to the left.
this person does a round kick with his right leg.
both hands go to the middle of the chest then do a clapping motion together.
a person walks forward slowly with legs stiff and spread wide and rocking from side to side.
a person shakes their arms and shoulders and move backwards at the same time
a person leans forward with their right hand as if to pick something up, walks to the left, turns right, and leans to pick something up again, then moves right arm as if to wipe something.
a person uses both hands to bang on objects.
a person is standing up and is lifting their left forearm towards their head and back down towards their feet.
person is playing catch with someone
character raises hands slowly to stetch their back while leaning right and left.
person appears to wipe some thing with their left hand.
a person in standing position with arms at side, then rubbing both hands together, then dropping arms back side to side.
someone is posing woth their right leg out straight, their right are bent 90 degrees, and their left arm fully extended with their left hand anove their head.
a person raises both hands to sides of face.
figure does knockout turn around on heel
a person continually walks forward.
a person is shaking his left foot, stretching his arms and then he bends down doing a squat.
a man crawls around on all fours before standing up.
a person picks up something with both hands that is knee high and to his left, and then he tilts it to his right and finally puts it back in place.
walking forward in a slow motion.
a person saunters forward.
a person is crouching down and looking around, catiously.
a person walks forward and effortlessly kicks something that is on the ground.
a person walks to his right and sits down and stands back up and walks forward
the person is standing with arms by their side
a man is stumbling and drinks something.
the person is  is walking around on all fours.
a person walks around and stops.
a fighter practices his kickboxing moves
the person move his arm to the left hand side up then right and left.
a person moves his hands.
the person was running and ducked underneath something.
the person is doing the cha-cha.
a person bends forward and ties their right shoe.
a man has his arms outstretched to either side, before stepping forward, grabbing something with his left arm and then his right, then begins to make brushing or petting motions with his right hand.
a person walks forward then spins around with one leg then walks back.
a person lifts a foot up to their face to inspect it.
a man runs forward several steps, stopping in a standing position.
the person walked towards someone taking 4 steps
a man standing still jumps.
a man walks forwards quickly, swinging his bent arms in a quick motion.
a person is walking in place at a slow pace.
a person walks in a forward in a zigzag that gets wider towards the end and then stops to the right of where they began
person is jumping on their toes. their heels never leave the floor.
someone turns backwards and walks in a counterclockwise semi-circle.
this person walks from left to right with large strides.
a person appears to have body shakes while squatting.
this person walks around as if a zombie.
the person is punching something.
a person jumps up and down three times
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides reaches over with his right hand to uncork a bottle, raises his left hand, drinks from the bottle and drops both hands to his sides.
a person walks forwards and turns left
a person stands with arms out to the side, drops them, then claps her hands and starts walking forward; after 4 steps she sits in a chair with her hands together.
a person who seems to be shouting out
a person jogs in place using tiny steps.
a person runs forward and to his right and then turns and runs back.
the person shakes both of their hands, and then later uses the right hand to reach something and returns it back.
a figure drinks from a cup.
the person is walking around the bend to the right.
a person crouches around and puts their hands to their ear to hear something.
standing on one leg and hopping.
a man is standing with his right arm above his head using a waving motion to wave at something.
a person picks up something, turns it onto its side, and then lays it back down
the person is jogging around.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides raises his left hand and waves, then returns his hand to his side.
a person walks forward up four stairs while leaning on something with their left arm, turns around, and walks back down the stairs while leaning on the same thing with their right arm.
a person holds up their arms and makes sode to side waltz like motions with their feet.
a person stepping very slowly
a person is standing and moving their arm in and outwardly.
moving hands in a circular motion.
a person walking forward and then back with hands pressed together in a nervous or shy motion.
a person walks forward then turns around to walk back.
person walks forwards before turning right, walking in a half circle, before turning left and walking in another semi circle, before turning back forwards.
a person their hands down, rolls their fists, then alternates raising their hands.
a person leans and then makes a side stomping motion.
person holds roght leg up by the knee woth both hands and extends leg.
a person waiving hello and bowing, showing respect and greetings.
the person is punching something.
a man walks around in a circle, puts hands to his hips and then raises arms up
the man darts forward, waits a moment, then darts forward again.
a person claps six times.
this person does a round kick with his left leg.
a person gets on their hands and knees and crawls forwards.
a person is dancing in a circle clockwise
a person walking slowly across something.
a person raises his right hand above his head.
a man swings a golf putter.
the man is doing floss dance
a person walks over and across a beam.
movin  left hand upward
moving body from side to side with arms out.
the person is jogging in place.
a man immediately sits on an invisible stool. arms too stiff to seem natural
the man starts in a pose with both arms extend out to both sides.  he then moves both arms down to his side to a relaxed position.
shaking hips. brushing off feet. leans down on one knee forward
a person steps backward while shaking entire body.
the person is running in place in all directions.
a person standing still and waving their right hand
touches right hand to left shoulder, and then left hand to right shoulder twice.
the woman holds her hands close to her face, then shrugs with one hand showing that she is fattered.
someone is moving forward and looking at their watch for something, and looking confused
a person walks, turns and walks, turns and walks on his back
person walks forward in slow manner
person walks forward at a moderate pace.
a person runs forward and leaps off of their left foot and stops briefly when they land. they then start to run again
a person does jumping jacks fast.
man runs left from the middle, then all the way right, then back left and stops at the middle
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle and turns around to look after possibly tripping over something.
man vegeta shrugs his arms
a person lifts both arms to shoulder height and waves both arms by bending their elbows.
someone stomps their left foot slowly.
running forward and backward on the floor.
person is walking while kicking out legs
a person waves with their right hand then makes a big wave with both hands.
a person does two small bunny hops.
a person sitting down throws something with their left hand, then gets up and continues to throw something with their left hand.
a person steps forward, plants their right foot and spins, walking back to where they started.
a man walks backwards slowly
a person jogs around the room.
a person reaches down to pick something up with left hand and stumbles.
the person slightly stumbles backwards
a person walks forward then turns to the left.
the person is standing there.
a person walks forward and turns to the right.
too is walking in a reverse circular motion, raising both hands as to block something, raising their left hand to make the blocking motion again.
person was walking with his arms out to keep his balance.
a person carefully steps over an obstacle.
a person throws an object with a fast arm motion.
a person sits and puts their hands up, then moves their hands from side to side.
person walks forward and uses a item to squat down. then stands up and walks backwards.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person raises their hands above their head then lowers them
a person either pleading or praying with their hands folded in front of them.
a person lifts weights with their left hand.
a man walks in a semi-circle with his hands swaying on both sides.
a person lifting their left leg, and trying to maintain balance with right foot simultaneously.
person steps forward kicks with the left foot, steps back and repeats the kick with the left foot.
a person is walking and balancing on something moving forward.
the person was running and turned right.
a person steps forward, leave over and picks something up with his left hand and something with his right hand, then uses what is in his left hand to caress what is in his right hand before returning both items to their original places.
a person walks forward in a wavy line, stopping halfway.
a person walks backwards and sat on something and later tries to get up.
a person lifts his forearms like he is lifting weights. he does this three times.
the person was doing a warm-up with his wrist.
figure appears to be moving item from left to right
person jogs, stops to bend over, then continues jogging.
a man touches his head with his right hand.
the man swims the breast stroke.
a person holds their hands together and bows their head a few times.
a person walks forward, turns 180-degrees in a clockwise direction then walks back to where they started.
a person sits, moves hands and arms in a right and left motion and lifts left foot off the ground.
a person making something and putting the in specific places on the ground
a man sways side by side with arms out
a person walks forward, slightly to the right of center.
stick figure is holding its arms up before folding them down to his side
a person sits down and shivers.
a person who is standing with his hands at his sides walks ever so slowly forward, turns 180 degrees, then takes a step toward the point where he started.
a person running on a spot
a person skips to the left, skips to the right and back to the left.
person is crouching down and crawling.
a person turns to the right, then looks at right wrist.
the person pick something up and tilted to the side and then set it back down.
a person bends their left leg at the knee with their foot behind them and then moves their left leg around, from right to left and straightens and rebends the leg.
the person rotates their hands in front of them so that the motion of the hands mirror each other..
the man dribbles a ball.
the person is walking forward on uneven terrain.
a person does a jumping jack three times.
a person is running in place.
a person jogs in place and then runs to their left, and then running to the right and returning to where they started.
a person places a cup into a bowl
a person does a clockwise pirouette on their left leg.
the person warms up by rolling their ankle
a man dodges something to the left, then the right and then the left again.
person is walking down the stairs with their arms by their side
a man walks diagonally across a rectangle on the ground and then walks half way to his starting position.
a person brings his hands together, then lowers them to his side, and lastly he walks to his right and sits down.
a man is moving his hands up at shoulder level and then repeat this motion by circling his hands.
a person walks forward, grabs something with their right hand then walks backwards.
person raises arms above head and walks forward.
a person with its hand raised, gets down on to its knees.
a person swings their left hand out in front of their body, waits a few seconds, then does the same thing in reverse.
a person lays down on their side and then stands up and kicks out their red foot.
a person stirs something with his left hand.
a figure steps backward slowly and carefully
a man moves his right arm around.
a person does a bow to the right, then to the left.
a man raises and lowers his arms repeatedly.
a person takes a large step diagonally with their right leg.
a person does chicken wings
a person with a wide stance repeatedly lash out with each hand at something in front of them.
a person raises their arms in the air and bounces up and down.
a person is sitting, and moving both hands together near their head.
someone is walking forward and looking backwards, and then running a big
a person bends over, then twists to the left and right, then leans to the left and right.
a person skips right and left briskly.
the person is talking with his hands
the person is walking straight forward.
a person bends their right elbow repeatedly, raising their hand.
a person stands in one spot, waiting and looks around and then looks at their watch once.
the person is crouching down crossing his legs.
a person walking in a very gentle and non-harmful manner
a person walks forward, bends forward, puts up left then right hand, walks backward, bends forward.
a person walking forward rapidly.
the person is pacing back and forth.
the person is lifting a dumbbell with their right hand
a man leans forward with both hands outstretched in front of him as if he's picking something up, moves it to his right side, then back to his starting position again.
the person has joking back-and-forth from the right to the left.
a man leisurely throws a ball.
the person is working forward.
person runninng to left side curves right while running with arms held at 90 degree angles at waist
person lifts both hands up and then down, then kneels with the left leg first helping himself with the right hand and then the right leg
a man walks forward, then lifts his legs to step up on something.
a person that is hopping front and then backwards and then does a front flip
a man puts his fists up.
a person walks forward in a straight line over an object
a man turns to his right, then goes down onto a crawl, moving around on his hands and feet, turning once.
person is clapping at something
a person saunters forward.
the man warms his hands and face at a fire.
a person forcefully kicks in front with right leg, walks backward to the left hand side, rushes to the right side punching with left hand, and repeats walking back and then punching.
a person puts their hands on their knee, then gets up and walks towards the left.
person walks diagonally to one end of the room. the person turns around and hunches over to return to original position.
the person is standing there.
person gets up brings hand up in a "what" motion then circles over to the right.
the sim raises both hands to their face.
a person stretches arms over head.
a person goes into a ducking position like they are shielding themselves from something
the right hand flings forward to the left side, the left hand meets the right hand, and is drag back right the shoulder.
a person balances one foot in front of the other and walks forward.
a person slowly makes a circle with their right arm about the shoulder while walking.
a person sits down and applauds.
a person jumps sideways directly to their left.
a men bends down to pick something up then starts moving one hand back and forth.
a person appears to be throwing a shot put with their arm starting near the shoulder position.
the person is preparing dough to make something to eat.
a man rubs his head.
throws both hands up in a triumph type way toward bottom right does a half turn to bottom left and repeats the process doing a complete circle.
a person starts standing with knees slightly bent and arms held out to the side at shoulder level, drops both hands down to the knees and holds them there.
a man walks forward, makes a half-turn to the right, and walks forward again
a person hammers a nail into a wall.
a person stretches both arms outward and then kneels down on to the floor.
the person took one step to the right.
a person lifts an item with both hands and rotates the right upward before placing the item back down in the same position
a person picks up something next to his body with each hand, does a washing motion with his right hand, then replaces the things with each hand.
a person squats with their butt lower than their knees.
a person is sweeping the floor with both hands holding something
a person bends over and touches something with his right hand.
imitates a ballet dance. right hand steps behind left, hands cur under than both lifts poisely.
the person is curling its arms and stretching to its red side.
the person walks forward then takes a sharp left turn
a man raises his left hand to his head then lowers it back down.
a person waives their right and left arms up above their head as if flagging someone down.
a person walks forward any diagonal direction
a person shuffles forward and throws a roundhouse kick with their right leg.
person is doing dance moves
a person abruptly stumbles forward and regains his balance as if he had been pushed from behind.
a person holds something above their shoulders and squats slightly
walking forward while swinging arms.
a person backs up, gets down on their hands and knees, then crawls forward, then stands up quickly and turns in a clockwise motion.
a person walks sideways around an object.
the man tries to stand in a yoga tree pose and looses his balance.
a person waves their left hand.
a person is pressing buttons on a screen.
a person uses both hands to throw an object.
a person walks in a slight curve to the left.
a person uses their left hand to pour something over the right.
a person stretching both arms.
someone is holding something in their hand and doing very brisk arm movements like they are doing exercises.
a person holds his arms up at his side and then moves them back performing a breast stroke movement.
a person walks forward.
a person wwalked by making the circle
a person stands while holding something in his left hand up to his head and then returns it
a person scratches the side of their head with their right hand.
a person is running forward and then backward in a circle.
a person takes something from above, walks away, walks back and puts the item on the ground.
a person is dancing a waltz.
a person who is jumping around with one leg but alternating the legs every jump
a man balancing on small object,.
a person is walking while holding something and then looking at their phone
a person is dancing the cha cha.
a person runs in place then stops.
the person is walking in a counter  clock wise circle
the woman angerily kicked at the ground with her right foot.
a person moves left shoulder inwards, then moves to throw punch with left fist.
a person is cleaning a window
a stick figure's left and right arms are moving up and down while a board under the stick figure's feet moves right and left.
a person walking in a left curvature
a person walks forward slightly then walks backwards, then walks forward again.
a person kicks with their left leg then their right leg.
a man holds his left arm out before lowering it.
a person walks forward.
a person casually walks forward three paces
the persons calling with his left hand.
a person jumps over something.
a person holding both forearms up, then hits his left forearm with their right hand and then continues holding both forearms up.
a person stretches out its left arm then moves it back to its side.
this person stands still and raises both hands above his head.
a person bends his right arm to eat
someone is sauntering down the screen
a person shuffles his feet quickly and moves from side to side multiple times.
person is punching the air.
the person claps their hands, raises their hand like a high five, then gives a low highfive motion.
someone punches the ground with their right hand, then makes a leap towards the right.
a person takes a few steps forward calmly.
walking forward and then back.
a man walks forward and then comes to a stop.
he walks forward slowly then stops
walks in semicircle to right and turns left round to walk back a few steps
band and simple sit on the floor afterwards stand on the floor.
person walks with both arms straight forward
figure walks slowly starting with their left foot then right forward.
the person rotates their upper body to theleft and then to their right, the person then takes a step diagonally to the right and then takes a step back with their right foot
a person jogs forward for a bit
a person repeatedly gets hit in the face, making them stumble backwards.
this person is shaking his hand with his left hand.
a standing person rotates to the right, turns back to face forward again, backs up to sit down and crosses their legs, then returns to their original standing position.
person walks slowly from upper right to bottom left using handrails to steady their steps.
a man lowers his arm arms and walks forward while using his right hand to touch the top of a wall
man joins hands and cracks right wrist.
a person with its arms raised, sets them down then claps .
a person is walking while swinging their arms
a man throws an object with his left hand, clasps both hands together, then returns to a standing position.
a person raises their left arm and streches to their right side.
the drunk guy struggles to walk down the street
person has hands above head in a scratching motion
a person by using the left hand, lean it to uppercore body
a person punches out with each hand.
a person puts his hands together and puts his left hand to his face.
the person was pushed from the front backwards.
a man walks shakily for a word slightly bent at the waist, with arms raised above his head and them flopping loosely.
a person waits for music to begin, then starts dancing.
the first one is running forward.
the owrson is stretching with their hands up to the left.
a man dances around backwards in a circle with his right hand stretched out.
a person walks forward then stops
a person holds a large object and moves it in wide playful motions from their right to the left four times.
a person walks backwards in zig-zag motion
a man walks in a left angled curve, then walks in a right angle curve.
a person putting both hands up as if he/she were to fight
the person was pushed but did not fall.
a person does a cartwheel to the right.
the person picks the change off of the ground then walks back
a person standing scratches his head with his right hand and then lowers his hand back down.
arms out, drop right arm down and leave a minute and bring back up.
a man walks forward then turns the left and continues to walk.
a person walking in a store
a person is walking forward with very animated hand motions.
he stands to walk backwards
a person looks to be stiring something and then squeezing something in both hands.
the person looks like heโs laying some thing out on the counter.
a person walks diagonally to the left place something down.
a person kicks their left leg back. they balance on one leg and swings the left leg towards the front of their body with the knee bent. they are balancing an item on their foot.
a person bends over and picks some thing up with their right hand, then makes a left handed over hand throw, side arm throw, then another overhand throw.
a person jumping into a clockwise air spin.
someone walks forward raising his hand also moving
a person walks forward from one end to the other.
person has their hand on their head while moving around in random directions. appears to be fatigued and sick
person appears to jog forward slowly.
a person wobbles while walking very narrowly.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides raises his arms above his head and waves his arms above his head two times before dropping his arms down to his sides.
a person slowly walks around in a circle slightly hunched over.
the person is greeting someone.
a person raises their left hand to their head.
a person is standing in one spot while moving the upper part of his body with his hands in a prayer position
a person stand up from the knee
a person jogs forward and stops
a person steps to the left horizontally and then back to the right.
person is boxing, they throw an upper cut then defend and dodge then they throw a few left jabs
a person lifts both hands toward their face, and tilts their upper body backwards.
person crosses their arms so hands are touching or close to elbows then scratches opposite arms with opposite hands.
figure walking around moving his left arm in a motion like he is bouncing a ball
a person walks then stops briefly, he does a 180 degree turn and walks in that direction.
the person is playing peekaboo.
the person walked forward and shaked hands.
a person runs to their right for 4 steps, turns around, runs back 5 steps and then walks back to where they began.
the person is balancing on one leg.
a person runs forward with one leg crossing in front of the other repetitively before coming to a stop.
a person is in a upleft position then goes into a squat position two times moving arms and hands to there chin
the person is standing on his left foot bending his right knee.
a person raises their left arm halfway, moves it in a circular motion 5 times, then lowers their arm back down.
a person is standing on the ground, the person turns upper body and swings both arms counterclockwise, then turns body clockwise and swings both arms.
a person is holding and come forward and  throwing object forword.
a figure moves their arms diagonally up and down.
the person is walking holding his head.
the man moves his arms
a person walks over to a ledge, looks below to see if anything is there, steps back then jumps over the edge and unsteadily lands.
raising hands above head.
a person raises their arms and zombie walks forward.
a person grabs something from his right side, turns around and puts it on his left side
the sim appears to scoot across the plane.
a man turns to his left and uses his left hand to hit something held in his right hand underhand, readies himself, then hits something coming in from on high overhand with his left hand.
a person walks in a semi circle to the right.
a person walks forward, spins around on his right leg clockwise, then walks back into the direction he came from
a person swims as if doing a dolphin stroke.
a person lowers their hands then waves and waves again then waves in a wider motion.
a person squats and then jumps up with arms above their head.
a person drops their hands then brings them together in front of their face clasped.
a person walks forward and then trips, almost falling before catching themselves; they turn around and to the same thing again.
person reaches forward with hands, and makes repeated movements in front of themselves.
the person backed up with his hands into the air.
a person standing straight ,holding hands .
a man squats down and raises his right hand.
a person dancing like a ballerina.
a person running on the same spot
a person takes a quick step to their right.
person holds something in right hand while he passes something out one at a time in a half circular motion in front of him, afterwhich they put the object down in front of them, and finally made sweeping motion with their left arm.
a person walks forward and drops to the ground, then proceeds to breast stroke.
a person waves its arms around.
a man is square dancing with a partner.
a person hunches forward, both arms are curled back, then moves upper body side to side.
a man walks foward ,makes a u turn to the left side ,walks and then stops.
walking forward then slightly bending down at waist and touching a surface from right to left
a person steps down some stairs.
a man flapping his arms.
a person takes a book from a shelf with his left hand.
a person raises their hands toward their face, then makes rapid jabbing motions with their right arm.
a person runs forward quickly, stops on their left foot, then runs in a different direction.
a person runs quickly forward and then turns around.
a person jumps up and turns to the right, landing facing towards the left of the screen.
a person does a side step to their right
starting from standing position and walks forward and to the right.
a man is holding both hands at eye level in a boxing motion while he advances to someone or something in a straight line.
a standing person jogs slowly to the right, then to the left, then stops at the center.
a person performs forward arm rolls, backward arm rolls, and then bends at the waist and swings his arms while crossing them.
a person walks in place slowly.
a person is standing, but also leaning backward toward the right. the person shuffles there feet forward and toward their left.
person bends down and raises hands to face in different positions to side
person dancing back and forth and then raising both legs
a man gestures with both hands in a manner that is defusing.
a person is walking forward.
a person is walking forward and then has a misstep.
a man with right arm over shoulder.
a person balances on their left leg.
a person shifts their weight from foot to foot and shakes their hands.
the person is running around.
a person stumbles around while occasionally pumping his hand in front of his face
a person walks forward and then runs back
a person moves around while expressing deep frustrations
a person claps, puts there hands down then claps again, and puts their hands down
person has both hands together i. front of him. he lifts his left hand to his face.
the person was pretending he was a wild bear.
a figure walks forward and to the right
a person jumps forward very quickly
a person leans down slightly to the left, then leans down slightly to the right.
a person spins their right arm then left arm around in a circle, repeating the motion a second time for their left arm in the opposite direction.
the person is walking backwards and then forwards.
a person raises the arm and waves multiple times.
a man walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward starting with their right foot.
a person walks forward carefully, holding on to rails with both hands, before turning left.
person slowly walks forward before coming to a stop
the person runs back and forth in short bursts changing directions after a few steps.
the person is dribbling a basketball backwards
a person stirs something with their right hand
a person walks awkwardly across the floor, holding their arms out to their sides for balance.
a person waves his right hand.
the body wiggles side to side as the hands come up towards the shoulders.
person is hopping up and down
a person walks forward then slows down greatly before walking normally again.
flailing his arms around and hopping like a chicken.
a person leans to his right and stretches his arm.
person balances on right foot, winds up their arm like a throw, then simply walks forward on two feet.
a person throws something with its left hand, then catches something with both hands.
a person in squat position while extending elbows
a person does jumping jacks.
a man continuing bending forward at the waist with his arms dangling in front of him.
taking a couple of steps back
person side steps to their left, bends down and proceeds to crawl forward a few paces and then stands up again.
a person does a squat with both arms in front of them
a man walks straight down with his arm on a bar or surface
person is doing arm circles over head
a man stands and balances his body on his right foot.
the person moves their hands in a sweeping motion as if sweeping the floor.
person points using their left arm
a person is standing on their one leg with arm down while maintaining balance with the opposite leg and arm, kicking twice in the air.
a person puts left hand on the ground and kneels down first on left knee and then both knees.
person does a quick right hook keeping legs on floor
a person stands in a martial arts ready position and raises their left hand then turns ready to block.
a man stands on the ground and lifts his left hand for a moment above the shoulder and then puts it down.
a person walks confidently forward several steps, then bends over to pick up a heavy object and place it at a higher location, they then turn around and walk away confidently.
walks front with body leaned forward.
a person is sitting or squatting with bent arms and picks something up to face height, then turns their torso to the left.
a person leaned on the floor and start walking
a standing person sways from their hips left to right in three cycles.
a person is dancing by putting their arms out making a t-pose and rotating their wrists, then moves their legs up and out one at a time.
a person stands looking left and right.
a person has his arms extended and spins around anticlockwise twice, then does a jump forward and walks backwards to his original position
a person walks to his left.
he does a shower on left arm
a person climbing steps wobbling up and then back down the steps.
a person bends to their left to pick something up, then turns to their right and makes brushing movements with their hands.
the person is running over towards the left
a person waves with their left hand, then waves with their right.
he looks to be standing upright & just shaking his hands, grasped together, back and forth.
a person begins sauntering forward before stopping to clasp her hands and stretching them up overhead; she then stretches from side to side in the same position then back to center before dropping her arms.
a person goes from standing to squatting, and back to stand twice
a person walking up an elevated surface
a person is running on the spot.
a person raises their right arm and begins walking down the middle of a platform. as the person reaches the end  of the platform they veer to their left.
a person stand in a neutral position then strafes to the right.
person starts out on hands and knees and stands up.
person walks to the right and bends down looking for something , takes a few steps and walks again and bends down again.
a person walks on all fours
a person takes a couple steps forward and then staggers to their left, recovering then walking to there front right.
a person is walking forward briskly.
a person bent over doing a rubbing/ circular motion with right hand.
a individual is crouched onto an object with both fist to their chest, shifting both hands up and down.
a figure runs forward confidently
a person walks backwards then walks forward to the right and then turns around and walks forwards.
a person squats twice while facing forward without moving.
a muscular man walk forward and pick up heavy subject and walk again
a person jumps on the spot.
a person holds their left leg with their left arm and leans forward, then puts their leg down
a man brings his arms up from his sides and crosses them over his chest, then lowers them to his sides.
someone raises both hands, and then begins to wave.
the person is acting like a panther.
a person who is walking backwards
the man stretches side to side then touches his toes.
a person, in a fighting pose, backs up, then punches while moving forward, before backing up and kicking.
a person takes a couple steps forward and then staggers to their right, recovering then walking to there front left.
a person puts their hands on their hips and turns to the right side.
he turns to his left
a figure jogs lightly in a figure eight
someone jumps straight up once.
the toon walks across the plane at a normal speed.
a person walks in a complete circle
a person checks the watch on their right arm.
the sim jumps from their right to their left.
the person was acting like a gorilla.
a person lowers both of his raised hands.
a person reaches out with his right hand.
a man hops on one foot with his left leg.
a person walks forward slowly and comes to a stop.
a person walks backwards five steps starting with the right foot.
a person walks slowly balancing on something.
a person drive a car
the hands go to the face for a moment, the goes back down carefully, and repeats the motion.
a oersin grabbed something with right hand, and did something with left hand
a person takes a step forward and grips something with his hands as he climbs on it, then he stops and clasps his hands to his heart.
the man is walking straight backwards
taking quick strides back and forth
person walks backwards and sits down then gets back and and walks forwards
someone being pushed back a few steps
the peraon is getting down to play leapfrog.
a person waving with the left hand.
a person starts walking then starts leaping counterclockwise
a man moves back and forth in semi-circles with arms moving at his sides.
a person walks forward while bending down, sits down cross-legged, then gets back up.
a person leans to the left.
a person dribbles a basketball through their legs then runs quickly.
person walks downwards before jumping once.
a man walks with both arms extended outward with his body swaying side by side going in a circular line
a person covering his/her face and revealing it again
the person walks forward then starts  using a mixing motion
from a standing position, the person takes one step backwards
a person throws something with their right hand
a person calping their hands
the person lies on his back then gets up by taking support on his left hand then walks in a circle to his right
a person jumps to their right
a person dancing and spinning side to side.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person lifts each knee towards the opposite elbow
a person raises both arms straight out before dropping to all fours and then rising into a kneeling position.
a person walks while touching something with is left hand.
this person appears to be in the shower.
a man stands still for a moment before taking one step forward.
a person flaps their arms, shakes their butt, then wiggles while lowering their body
a person sitting down and swinging back and forth.
person person whoโs doing jumping jacks.
person is doing some kind of gesture
the person stands on the ground moving both their arms in a frontwards circular motion and then proceeded to move both their arms in a backwards circular motion.
the man walks in a counterclockwise semicircle.
a person waves their left hand.
a person flutters their hands about randomly.
the person is standing  completely still.
a person jogs at a normal pace.
a person holding something with both his hands and throws it back with left hand.
a person uses their right arm to swing a tennis racket.
a man stands with arms bed at the elbow shoulder level, raises them above his head, back down to shoulder level, and up again.
a person walks forwards and turns back around and picks something off the ground twice, turns around towards the front, and keeps picking up things off the ground with both hands.
the person took a giant jump and turn to the left.
the toon walks forward a few steps, then turns around walking back.
the person is leaning slightly back and forth
a person start out leaning with weight on left foot then straightens up to a standing position, still balancing weight on his left foot while his right foot is raised.
person walking slowly in a circle
a person puts his right hand to his head and searches back and forth
walking back then sitting down.
a person pretends to be a chicken
a person jumped on the place and kicked with left leg
a person walks forward, jumps over a gap, turns around and jumps back over the gap.
someone stands with their hands on their upper legs spread apart, then straightens up and outstretches both arms.
a person leans to his right while moving his left arm over his head to his right.
a little guy is cold.
a person ran  forward in left direction
a person is kicking with the left leg
a person jumping while rasing both hands, and  move apart legs
person person to swaying  in half circles.
a person standing still suddenly steps forward and to their right with their left foot, and then steps back to the same position.
person assumes fighting stands and bats away something with left hand
this person waves with his right hand.
a person bends to his left to touch something.
person holds arms out then put them down then kicks each leg backward one at a time.
a person raises both their hands to the top of their head and do a washing motion.
this person has arms raised as if to play a violin.
a person walks downs stairs, turns left, walks forward, then turns left and walks down stairs
the person holds something in their left hand and drinks from it.
a person moves their right hand clockwise at the same time as their left hand moves counterclockwise, then throws both hands upwards and out.
a stickman is swaying as if on a cruise ship, while waving to those on shore.
a person takes a few steps forward calmly.
a person is walking backwards at a rightward angle and is constantly checking their surroundings to make sure they do not hit something.
a person at a standstill starts running, then stops.
a person turns left while walking.
a man puts his hand on his head multiple times.
a man walks forward before stopping.
the man is doing seesaw
a person raises their arms to their chest as if lifting dumbbells.
a man walks forward before stopping.
a person walking up an elevated floor.
a person waves with both hands.
a man walks in a s-shape.
walking in a diagonal line then standing.
the person puts both arms together and moves them around.
walking forward then bending down.
a man is doing jumping jacks.
someone diagonally kicks their left foot, then their right foot.
walks forward, picks up something, then sets it down to the right of him.
the person is acting like a panther.
a person walks to the right, walks to the left, and walks back to the right.
a person relaxes their limbs, swinging them aimlessly, before bending down and stretching out.
a person stumbles forward and back almost falling over.
a person jumps up  and then stands on both feet.
walking forward then crouching then running.
moving hands towards face.
a person is looking forward with hands behind the head and then drops them
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes nine leisurely steps forward, turns 180 degrees and faces in the opposite direction.
a person is throwing something with his right hand.
the man takes one giant step sideways to thw left.
a person stands on the left leg while bending and moving the right leg in a variety of positions.
the person paces while walking on all fours
a person naturally and casually forward.
a person walks down stairs or a steep incline.
a person waves with their right hand
a person walking in fast pace.
a squat jump with the arms wiggle back and forth the sides.
a person limping with left leg hurt and going around in a circle.
a person walks while bending to the left
a person uses their left hand to throw an object in front of them.
the person appears to pick something up with both hands on their left side then move it to their right side
a person lifts heavy weights with both arms.
a person picks up an object from the ground, then while moving foreward does and overhead chopping motion with both hands like a sword fighter.
the person cut down on their knees and was crawling.
a person what it seems to perform yoga or a ballet dance moves
a person is dancing and then jumps in place.
a man walks forward, turns around, and starts to turn around again.
the sim is standing still, raising their left hand to touch or scratch their head.
person turns to left, takes three steps forward, sits down, and then walks back to starting place.
a man throws a couple balls and then shoots a basketball.
a person slowly walks forward.
raising arms and moving hand.
a person kicks something behind them.
a man walks from the back to the front.
the person is sitting completely still.
a person is smelling their left armpit.
a person reaches forward and makes movements as though they're washing something
a person claps their hands.
person does one and a quarter walk anti clockwise
the person is walking back-and-forth around a bend,
man walk forward reaches arm out like he's pulling on a door turn around then walk back and turn around again to walk back forward.
person walks forwards, stops, turns to the right, swiveling around, then walks back to the start.
person is takign something throwing it then backing up.
a man takes 1 step forward then sits down, then stands back up.
the person is dancing the waltz.
hey bent over person walks backwards primarily to the right behind them
a person takes two steps, first with their right foot and then their left.
person slowly takes step forward.
a person raises their left hand to their head, leans forward and back, drinking something that they are holding.
someone is trying to keep themselves from falling over by having their left arm rest on a raised platform or ledge.
a person that picks up a item lifts it to the right and places it back down in the same position
a person getting shade from arm
this person is standing straight and kicks his leg out once and then stands normal.
a person calling out and wavings to the right and left.
a person jumps far to their left.
a person walks forward, crouches, then walks back
a person grabs their head in pain.
a man who stumbled and hurt himself and now he is limping
a person takes a step forward
a person stretches to the sides, reaches overhead, and then starts to dance.
a figure raises their arms walks forward and mopes.
a person does jumping jacks, stumbles and then backs up to continue.
as a person is walking forward he raises and drops both arms, then raises his right hand and moves it left and right.
a person is lifting their arms up from the elbows and stretching their arms above their head.
a person kicks forward with his left leg twice, to the side twice, then kicks forward with his right leg twice.
a person kicks something with their right foot.
a person holds his arms up with elbows out and hands at his chest and moves back and forth flexing
a person walks forward with arms at their side not swinging
a man moves his left arm in front of him.
this person shakes right hand twice, brings out right leg, then bring right hand down, then crosses both hands across chest.
a person lifts and object with both hands from his chest to his face
the person was pushed backwards but did not fall.
the person crouches down and sits on the floor.
a man lifts himself from a squat and walks to the left.
a person casually takes a few steps forward, walks backwards, turns around, and then walks forward in a clockwise square
the person is standing and puts hands together. the person raises both arms overhead with hands together. the person then brings both arms back down to starting posistion.
a person walking on a trail.
a person does a chicken dance on the spot and claps hands together.
a person jogs forward then walks after a couple steps
a person crosses one foot over the other in order to walk in a circle and then spins around.
a person sitting down, with their arms slightly elevated.
a person rotates anti-clockwise and completes a full circle anti-clockwise whilst rotating.
the person is walking very slow.
a person slides to their left.
person makes washing motions with both hands on opposite upper arms.
a person walks across the space, then starts to walk the other direction.
a person walks forward and places their right hand on an object, their body leaning forward and slightly to the right and their left leg lifts off the ground and extends behind them as they reach upward for an object with their left hand, then walks backward a few steps.
a standing person seems to be shoved from behind, then regains their balance after a quick stumble.
looks like he walks through a door to turn to the left and go straight forward
a man with his hands over his head turns right and left, then bends to the side right and left.
a man moves something in front of him.
a person walks around in s shape.
the person is moving sideways slowly almost as if crawling. when he reaches the end, he continues the way he started
a person appears to be holding something then pressing a button on the wall with his right hand
a man is walking backwards slowly, stands still, looks around and walks forwards slowly
a person slowly walked forward and left direction
someone standing with both shoulders high and later raises his right hand up and back down.
a person swings a left hook punch.
the body bent over talking small steps to the left as the right hand moves inside.
a person kneels over and stays on his knees.
the person is walking back-and-forth from right to left.
a person walks in a circle
a man is standing still, hen brings his right hand up to his face
a person walks forward, turns around walks towards the right side.
the person is jumping and spinning.
moving arms in and out.
a figure exercises by many movements.
the person bends over and lift arm in the sky
a person walks forward and comes to a stop.
a person casually walks forward.
a person walking in around in a specific pattern.
person leans forward goes onto knees whilst first putting left hand on ground for support and stays on knees
the person uses the dumbbell with their left arm
a man jumps forward with his arms at his side.
a person uses both hands to wash his face and hair
this person coughs in his left hand two times.
a person standing on their right foot lifts their left leg and moves it around as they balance
a person strikes a golf ball.
a person swings their right hand out in front of their body, waits a few seconds, then does the same thing in reverse.
a person walks at normal pace, walks two steps a bit faster, then stops
a man walks forward and strokes an object with his right hand.
a person does three jumping jacks
a person starts in a crouch position, stands and stumbles as if drunk, then looks at something in his right hand.
a person turns around and walks and then turns around again
a person raising their hand from waist line towards above their head
a person steps backward while shaking entire body.
a person jogs back and forth
the person is rotating both of his arms forward.
a person waves with their left hand
a person jogs in place.
a man walks forward and then walks back in the opposite direction.
a person is pacing round a room in circles
a person lifts his left hand to his face.
someone is moving their left arm , like they are trying to test the weight of something
a person moves an object from his left to his right.
a person casually takes a few steps forward, walks backwards, turns around, and then walks forward in a counterclockwise square
the person is jumping rope
a man walks forward, skewing slightly to the left side of the screen.
the person is holding onto to handrails.
a person walks a normal speed swaying their arms.
person is walking and may have been shoved on the side then walked back to normal.
a person takes a step back with their right foot, raises their arms, and makes a throwing motion with their right arm.
walking in a circular pattern.
a person is walking forward.
a person side steps to the front left and then swag walks to the back right.
the man shifts his weight between his feet while lifting his left arm to his face.
person takes on step backwards
a man stumbles to his right. the motion seems surprised so he was probably pushed.
a person walks to the left and then turns and walks back to the right.
the man jumps and spins in a. lockwise circle then lands.
a person is standing still while waving his left hand.
a person kicks a ball with their right foot.
a person walks forward and to the left.
this person walks forward and picks something up then walks back.
a person walks in a complete circle.
a person jumps up and down switching feet while swinging his arms
the man reaches with his left hand to the ground then into the air.
a person is running in place then starts to run right and left.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person is not moving just moving his hands they both in the same spot, trying to pray or ask for something
the person folds their arms before then unfolding
a person power walks straight forward.
stand up straight and bring your right arm out.
a man waves with his right hand.
a man crawls on the floor and then gets up.
a person throws and upper cut with his right hand.
a person appears to hold an object with their right hand while stroking it with their left hand. they then turn around with said object.
a person taking two steps forward turns counterclockwise and turns around
a person is walking while holding a hand rail
the person does a short slide to the right.
a man confused scratches his head and then shakes a bottle and then gargles and then upset again
a person throws something heavy over their head
a person holds an object over his head and uses his legs to lift it
person stands still before slightly bending and falling to the right, then jerking themselves back upwards.
a man walks forward in a straight line.
a person acts as if they are dialing and talking on a phone.
the person jumped up and itโs holding his hands up trying to reach for something on his tippy toes.
person moves right arm in an opening gesture slowly
person stands still then raises feet slightly up and down on the toes
a person swings their right arm them spreads both arms.
a person takes a stumbling step forward, turns around and takes another stumbling step forward, then turns around once more.
a person ties their right shoe and then eats something with their left hand.
a person quickly runs foward.
a person walks and gesticulates in what appears to be a dance move
person balancing on their legs with arms out
he  does the moon walk
a person taking something from a shelf.
a person goes from standing on two feet, to standing on his left foot and hops on it five times.
a person lifts his left arm, then does a lunge with his right leg
hes doing a slow motion jumping jack.
a man claps his hands several times.
the person holds their hands near their head as if drinking something.
a person unable to fully control his left leg staggers forward in a slow spiritless motion.
a person is clapping sitting on something
a person does a four cartwheels, each time coming back to where they started
the person is throwing something jn the air like a football.
a person throws an object to their left with their left hand and then catches an object that was thrown at them.
a person walks easily forward.
the man picks something upleft then lays it back down.
a person walking in a straight line at a steady pace.
a person raises their right arm and waves from side to side. then their hand drops to their side.
the man stands slightly bent at the waist holding something in his left hand and using his right hand to touch it repeatedly oh, then takes a side step to the right.
someone is jumping up and down with their elbows bent and their arms out in front if them.
he drink very very slowly
a person stayed on the place and after kicked with right leg
a person aggressively picks up an object with both of their hands and puts it on their shoulder.
a man walks toward the front of the room
a person walks around and stops.
someone grabs hands, leans in, then gets up and stops
a person is walking while looking around.
a person reaches down to their right and picks something up, holds it briefly, then places it down.
an off balance intoxicated man gestures at another person to the right. seemingly in an argument.
the person was walking diagonally drunk
a man struts forward and twirls with his arms swinging, then drunkenly walks back, spinning again with his arms flailing.
he slowly walking forward towards something.
a man fold his arms in front of his chest.
a person lifts a group of objects moving from left to right and then from right to left on a lower shelf.
a man standing in place moving arms in circular motion.
man lifts right hand and waves for awhile and puts hand back down at his side.
the man does a wavelike dance using his arms and slightly sways.
a man raises his arms and then puts his hands on his knees.
a person sits down cross legged and then stands up.
a person nervously walks forward, stops, turns around, and walks back.
a person clapping hands while swaying right to left, person stops swaying and clapping, person drops both hands to side of body, person raises both right and left arm above head, person claps while arms are above head.
a person is jabbing with their left arm.
a person bends slightly at the shoulders and mimics the movements of picking something up with both arms moving it from their right side to their left side.
a person cartwheels forwards and turns to cartwheel backwards.
the person is walking forward very fast.
a person performing a straight kick.
a person takes a couple steps back.
a person walks top his left.
a person slowly walked backward, and returned
sitting on a chair and getting up
a person takes a step backwards with his right foot, then performs a kick, kicking out forward with that foot.  he raises his arms up to around chest height as he does the kick.  after the end of the kick, he puts his arms down, back to resting position, and steps backward with the right foot again.
a person dances while moving his hands simultaneously as well as his left leg and then changes to his right leg.
a person raises their right hand then their left then sets them down.
he is limping his leg hurts
a person looks into the rear view mirror to gauge the view from before then grasps the wheel and adjusts their grip to feel more comfortable.
stretching arms while standing.
while squatting, a person makes circular gestures with their left hand.
a person walks forward while he rubs his head with his left hand, and then puts both hands up to his ears momentarily
person walks forward, leans down with left hand on left knee and right hand stretching forward.
a person uses the right arm to demonstrate throwing an object in front of them
a person takes two steps then stops.
a person is walking on a treadmill.
moving forwarded on the lake.
a person quickly walks forward.
a person slowly walks in a circle pattern as though they are ballroom dancing.
a person walks to their left then their right then back to their original position.
a person jumps up and spins around almost 360 degrees.
a person lifts his left hand to his face.
a person walks and lifts something up to move it
a person is sitting and puts their right hand to their head, and their left foot up on their right knee.
a person walks in a straight line, in place, on a treadmill
a person slowly walked forward and returned walked backwards
a person walks in a curved line.
a person rotates their arm in and out.
a person with arms out to the side hops on one foot with right leg, then hops on one foot with left leg.
the person was waving at someone with his right hand.
figure appears to be fighting or dancing
a man is scratching his arm then rocks side to side.
a person reaches their left hand over their head as if looking confused.
figure rotates torso clockwise and then rotates hips counterclockwise
a person walks in a semi circle 5 steps, turns, and then returns to their starting position.
the sim walks in a loop fashion from one side of the plane to the other before turning around.
a man walks forward and turns to the left.
a person is dancing with arms up.
first move the right hand after move the left hand.
person is checking the time
a person appears to be dancing
person takes two steps forward then swings right leg around and walks back
robot moved from right to left and turned his body towards left.
a person walks forward, turns right, steps onto and over an object, steps onto another object, turns right, and then steps up onto a higher object.
a person stands up straight from a bent over position, touches his head with his right arm, then bends his torso to the left and swings forward with his arms dangling in front of him. i
person jogs on the spot quickly
a person puts their right hand in front of them into an object and turns clockwise around takes a few steps turns around counter clockwise takes a few steps and puts their hand back in an object.
a man walks forward, opens a door, then steps back.
a person walks forwards, leans on a table with his left hand, and lowers his upper body toward the ground to look for something.
person sweeping floor going almost in circle
robot doing exercise. stretching his arms and legs.
a person walks backwards in a straight line
a person lifts their right arm up and sweeps it over their head, returning it back down at their side.
moving hips side to side with arm above head.
a person waves in front of their face with their left hand.
a person does exercises with legs and arms.
a man alternates reaching left and right at hip level.
a person walks while making a sweeping left turn.
a person casually jogs forward.
a person walks forward starting with their left foot.
a person claps his hands together then turns and squats down as if to be sitting in a chair.
a man holds his hands up in front of him before turning around and putting his hands up to his face.
a person stretches their left arm slowly towards the sky and rotates their shoulders backwards.
a person jumps to the side horizontally back and forth.
a person is perfoming a dance move.
person reaches for an object on their left with both hands and gestures a movement of this object to their right.
a person jumps upwards multiple times.
a person lifts their left arm 3 times and then waves with the right arm.
person sits down then stands back up and repeats twice
person person is walking and looking down.
person lifts right leg and does two kicks.
a person standing takes a small jump.
a person shuffles forward and throws a roundhouse kick with their left leg.
they do a forward roll
a person who is standing with his legs spread apart and hands by his sides forms a golf grip with his hands, takes a back swing, follows through to finish the swing and returns to his original position.
a person looks at an object in their hand and touches it with their other hand.
a person begins walking forward and raising his arms up and the down and once the arms are down the person stops.
a person standing up steps back causing him to kneel down and crawl forward
a person alternates flapping both arms and bending their neck forward multiple times, mimicking a chicken.
a person dances and then runs backwards and forwards.
the person is walking slowly forward.
person walks forward, turns left, and walks back
a person slowly walked forward and return
a person kicks their left leg forward one time.
walking forward and then to the side.
the figure is pushing an imaginary object with two arms
a person stiffly walks forward and backwards.
the person is standing  completely still.
a person walks with arms flapping then brings arms to the front and bends elbows and wrists.
a person walks backwards, then walks forward again and raises their arms out to the side.
a man walks four steps forward and then stops.
the figure takes a few steps and falls to its all fours, remaining in that position before standing and stepping a few times again, pauses and turns anti-clockwise to walk.
person standing with both feet firmly planted on the ground upper body moved very slightly
a person quickly walks forward.
a person walks forward and climbs up something on the right hand side.
the man begins with his feet shoulder width apart and his arms by his side.  he then lifts both hands at the same time bending the arms at the elbows and then he returns then to the original position.  he repeats the lift two times.
a person performs right punches with his right hand in the kick boxing
a person walks fast forward.
a man walks, anti-clockwise, in a circle.
a person picks their right foot up and then puts it down, then stands back in their original position.
the figure is sitting or crouching and the hands move very minutely by the face as they eat.
a person starts off in a t pose position but then they start to warm up their arms by doing arm circles
the person was push but did not fall.
moving the hands speaking some thing.
jumping forward one time.
a person catches something with both hands.
the person is throwing a javelin.
the person was stomping with his left foot.
a person kicks with their left leg
a person throws something using both hands above their head
a person turns slightly to the right, throws an object, then catches something with both hands
the man jumps twice i think
a figure lunges backwards in a flexed pose.
a man squats deeply three times while raising both arms in the air as if holding a dumbell.
a person puts his left and right arm into the air.
a person walks forward and then turn around and sits down. they then get back up and walk back towards where the started
a person stomps their feet while waking forward.
a person sit down on the floor
person is walking to the other end.
the person is balancing on one leg.
a person sits down on the ground then stands back up
a person doing a strange step back and swinging their right arm and then trying to catch something
a person moves in a square while leaping
the hands are held at the chest as the right foot kicks forward and back.
a person walks while holding on to something.
a man strides quickly from one side to the other
a person grabs his right wrist with his left hand, rests his arms, then lifts them slightly again and returns them to a relaxed position.
a person bends at the hips and moves from the right to left while lifting arms up, bent at the elbows
the person is boxing with his left arm.
he walks quickly forward, reaching out and shaking hands, then steps around him/her and walks on again.
a person is walking forward as if attracting someone.
a person walking forward in a line.
a person walks forwards and squats.
the man take sideways steps to the right.
a person is walking and someone pushes them to the left.
a person is walking in a counter clockwise circle whilst always facing forward.
the person is walking around slowly.
a person crosses his right leg over and poses. then crosses his left leg over and poses.
a  person's arms by sides are crossed in front of chest and then lowered by sides again.
person bends at the right arm a couple times towards head
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a stick figure casually walks in an s figure
a person lifts their arms alternating up and down.
someone walks five steps forward, starting with their right foot, and then stops.
the person puts something on its side and then brings it back to normal.
a person stands up using both hands on knees to prompt themselves up and walks to the right.
the person is wipin or moving something.
a person is strumming a guitar with their right hand.
a person holds up both arms, puts them down, then gets onto all fours and rises to their knees
[from 0s to 5s] a person performs a ballerina balance pose, first on their left leg, before centralising and swapping to their right.
a person swings both arms back, slightly bends knees and then jumps forward.
walking forward then stopping.
a man slams his left arm down onto something.
a person raises both arms and imitates claws with their hands.
a person picks up something with their let hand then uses it to clean something
the person is praying with buddhism religion.
a person checks what time it is on their watch.
the man drops his outstretched arms the claps to the left and then to the right.
a person walks up stairs a few steps
a person sits and makes small random rotary motions with both hands.
in this one a person is stand
a person begins walking forward and raising his arms up and the down and once the arms are down the person stops.
a person casually walks aimlessly.
person walks up the stairs
a person doing a counter-clockwise spin and then jumping.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks forward
a person slowly throws something to their right with their left hand.
a man raises his left arm three times while sitting on a chair.
a person sits down to a reclined position and then stands back up.
a figure walks forward a few steps then walks backward then walks forward again
a man stands with his hands up against his head then leans forward and seems to be tying a shoe.
a man begins walking, stumbles, and almost loses his balance before continuing on.
the person bends forward, puts hands in front of face, then turns left, then right
a person stands with knees bent and arms down on their sides, then continues to stand with arms spread out to the side.
a figure gazes slightly down as he walks in an elongated circle at a normal pace.
a person holds his arms up at his side and then moves them back performing a breast stroke movement.
a person does a jumping-jack.
a person walks straight forward down some steps with their left hand on something.
figure gets down on hands ans knees yo crawl around in a circle a few times and then gets back up
a person is throwing an object up... as in a kid tosses a ball into the air before swinging it's bat.
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks straight slowly.
the man throws a punch with each hand.
a person picks up an object to their right and places it on their left.
someone raises their left arm twice and stops
a person places his hands on bent knees, sways back and forth, then stands and walks backwards.
a person hops forward three times before walking the rest of the way.
a person slowly walks forward then turns around
a person stretches their back by turning their arms.
a person walks while spinning their arms at their sides, then turns around and continues.
a person gestures wildly with their right and left arms above their head in a "come here" gesture, then raises their arms in a "stop" gesture.
the man trudges in a counterclockwise circle.
the person is walking slowly forward.
walking backwards very quickly.
person walking down stairs while using handrail.
a person stirs something with their left hand in a counter-clockwise direction.
a man walks from side to side, left then right.
a person walks backwards in a straight line
a person stands still and then bounces their hand as if playing with a yo-yo
a figure skater jumps and then continues skating.
a person moves sideways to the right and then sideways back to the left and then one more step to the right.
a person stands up using both hands on knees to prompt themselves up and walks to the left.
a person walks downward in a semicircle to the left hand side and stands still.
jumping up and down in place.
a person who is running
the man reached with his right hand pick some thing up and put it in front of him.
a person walks forward and jumps over an object, then turns around to jump over it again and walk back.
a man is holding something in both hands and his left arm starts moving.
walking forward then running back.
a person starts slowly walking forward and then jogs some before coming to a stop.
person is pressing buttons like in a passcode
a person turns slightly to their right and brings both hands out in front of them by bending their elbows.
a person walks forward and turns counterclockwise, then grabs their knee in pain before continuing ahead and turning counterclockwise again.
a person is standing looking around.
a person jumps and stretches out her legs and arms to the sides, pauses, and then performs jumping jacks.
a person stumbles backwards with left leg first
person walks forward, makes a turn on left leg, and walks back to start.
the person is making a simple crouch down.
a person walks forwards and almost falls backwards.
the man is making gestures
a person sits down, picks up glass and takes a drink, sets glass back down and then stands up to walk away.
a man raises his right arm to a railing while slowly walking up stairs.
a person makes the universal hand motion for hungry.
person is sitting down scratching head i think.
a person slowly walked forward in right direction
person walks left to right, in zigzag
a person jogs in a counter-clockwise circle two and a quarter times.
person start is t, lowers arms to side, and resumes t position
a person walk forward cautiously with their hand against a surface.
a person takes a big step diagonally with their right leg.
talking steps while climbing up with hand next to the sides.
a person grabebd something with right hand and went backwards
man fix his tie in the mirror
a person shoos something away with his arms.
a person walks in a straight line, turns around, hunches over, and walks the same direction back.
the person seems to be throwing something
a person holding something in hand and makes a call.
a person waddling forward and turning to the left
a person stretches to the left and right then bends over to touch the ground before standing up again.
a man walks in a winding path, making semicircular unclosed loops and keeping his hands low at his sides.
a person walks forward, then turns to the right.
a person raises their left hand above their head and motions downward. as if throwing an object toward the ground
a man holds his arms close to his head in a sitting position.
person squats with both knees bent, bringing hands together at chest, then straightens legs to jump straight upwards but lands slightly to their left considering their beginning position
a person runs to the left slightly.
a person goes from being on one knee to two and puts their hands together.
a person, staying on helf knee, and raise arm , and keep balancing
a person walks forward  to bow then place hands on shoulders of other person and bows again.
a person walks straight forward at normal pace.
a person who is standing with his arms out from his sides raises his left arm and waves across his arm across his chest twice before returning to his original stance.
a person walks calmly in a clockwise circle and stops just before the circle completes.
a person grabbed something with both hands
the man drops his arms and walks to the chair for a seat then stands up.
a man bends his knees and rocks back and forth.
moving forward and turn back.
a person lifts their right wrist towards their face as if to look at a watch
a person lowers their arms to their sides, then stretches them out straight in front of them and parallel to the ground before returning them to their sides.
person is standing and starts motion to their right
a man waves twice with his right hand.
a man lifts heavy object and places it on a surface.
a person drinks a bottle using their left hand.
a person takes a step forward, moves to theor left, them continues foward with their left hand on a rail.
a person is performing a pitching motion as if throwing a ball.
a person is watching something to his left and then catches it and then watches something to his right and catches it.
someone is facing forward then slowly bends down and jumps 180 degrees.
person is performing shoulder lifting exercise
a person moves something out of the way in a effort to advance forward.
a person walking, jump and keep walking
a person warms up and then starts jumping rope.
a person waves with his left hand.
a person jogs for a few steps, then slows to a walk for a few more steps.
this person bends down as if to shew something.
the person is sitting down.
someone flexes their left arm in different positions for several seconds.
someone quickly runs downstairs and jumps off the last step.
a person lifts their left arm up, twitches a bit, then brings their right arm up while putting their left arm down.
a person is making dough with his hands
person walks back to sit down and pick up the landline to their ear then puts it down and gets up again
this person appears to cough in his left hand then takes a drink of something.
a person clutches at backpain with right hand.
a person walks forward, turns and jogs back ending with a three-quarter turn.
a person stepping very slowly
the person fills the glass with water then pours it into the plant pot
a man grabs his left leg with left hand and extends right arm into an akward stretch
a person is sitting while raising their hand to their head.
a person takes a big step diagonally with their left leg.
someone is walking forward
person i think is moving or petting something.
a person slowly walked forward in right direction and after in left direction
a person walks forward slowly and deliberately.
someone limps forward before turning around and sprinting back before their starting point.
a person with their arms in front of them walks in a circle, clockwise.
person steps forwards and reaches out with both hands to grab something, then raises both hands to mouth with the grabbed item.
a person transitions from an open pose to a closed off pose
the person is lifting something with both hands
he stays on one place and doesnt move
a person jumps in a ninety degree circle.
someone slouched in a sitting position gets up and begins walking in a circle.
the person bats their arms forward, walks forward, then backwards
a person turns in a counter-clockwise circle, looks at his hands after turning, and then begins to sprint forward.
a person reaches forward with both arms and waves them around.
the man gets on his hand and knees and crawls forward 4 crawls then stands and walks back.
a person stands around looking from sidse to side and then reaches out in front of them.
a man standing moving hands and arms in circular motion.
person crosses arm over chest then puts it back down.
a person is sitting with both hands together.
a person picks something up, rubs it and puts it back down.
a person walks and turns right.
a person hops from left to right in a circular motion.
person walks forward as they veer left
a person walks quickly in a diagonal direction for 8 steps and then turns to walk in the direction they came from.
a person struts around with their hands on their hips.
a person is walking around slowly.
the person does a quarter turn to their right when jumping .
a person who is hunched forward stumbles to regain posture, sways body from side to side and hunches forward one more time before standing upright.
a person jumping on the rope, while doing a spin moves, and felt at the end
a figure begins running, stops at the edge, turns around, and runs back to the starting point.
a figure raises a weight in front of themself.
person walks forward, slightly to the right
a person clas their hands out in front of them, drops them, then repeats.
a person walking in fast pace.
both the hand holding the right leg.
a man walks a half-moon shaped path with his hands on his hips.
a person being pushed from behind and then trying to recover
person sits down then stands back up and repeats twice
person kneeling down qith stool
the man puts the box down and runs
a person jumped forward, and backed, and repeat it
a person jogs to his left and then back to his right
person walks forward in a  stagger, then turns around and walks the same way back.
a person ducks down like he's avoiding something, then turns around and ducks again
a person appears to be clapping.
a person jumps while spreading legs apart and swinging arms out and above the head, then back down again.
a person steps forward, plants their left foot and spins, walking back to where they started.
a figure walking in a straight line, swinging their right arm far greater than the left arm.
a person who is running
a person climbs up a set of stairs, turns around, and then walks down the stairs.
a person leans back on their right leg, draws both their arms back, and throws something.
a person walks forwards, grabs something with his left hand, and walks backwards
a person walks forward then slows down greatly before walking normally again.
person is hopping from one spot to another.
walking in a circle while dancing.
a man sits down and then stands back up.
a person walks forward in a cool manner and does a spin.
a person walks slowly forward, puts hands on his hips then back down.
a person casually walks aimlessly.
a man climbs a step, walks forward a few steps, and then walks down a step.
someone limbers up by stretching their left arm over their right side deeply.
the man leans over to pick something up, comes back to standing position, walks forward, picks another thing up, and turns around to walk back
a man hunches over, and drangs something over tonthe side.
this person steps forward and grabs an item then moves his left arm up and down.
a person has his left leg on a ladder and goes down and up and stops
a man walks foward in a catwalk ,stops and then inclines his upper body foward.
a person does a threatening crouching walk and then raises their arms.
a man raises his left arm in front of him.
a person is pulled by an unseen force, and tries to resist the pull.
moving arms up and down near chest.
the person takes six normal size fast steps forward.
person is walking towards the left and then the last and then back to the left.
a man moves both of his arms in front of him.
a man moves something in front of him.
a person throwing something with their left arm.
someone is sorting thorough things, and then carrying it somewhere
a person dances side to side while extending and descending their left arm first, then their right arm, followed by a turning motion with another extension of the right arm.
a person jumps into the air.
a person walks in a clock wise motion.
a person reaches up with left hand and grabs head, then leans right and walks forward.
the person is jogging lightly
person arched their back twice and the wiped his chin using left shoulder
the man warms himself by rubbing his hands together.
a person walks upstairs while holding a railing with their left hand.
a person walks in reverse to avoid a crack in the sidewalk.
a man standing and suddenly seems to lean to the front and then quickly to the back like he's losing balance.
a person does several jumping jacks.
a figure standing walks forward right foot first then left then right then left then right before coming to a standstill
a person walks aimlessly around the floor comically, taking small steps.
person moves forward then turns to their right side
a person walks toward the front, turns to the left, bounces into a squat , and places both arms in front of chest before placing them on the knees.
a person is sitting with his right hand in the air.
person is using a sword
a person stands still and moves their arms as if they were swimming.
the person was push but did not fall.
a person raises both arms straight out before dropping to all fours and then rising into a kneeling position.
a person picks up two objects and begins performing a motioning action with both objects.
a person walks backward in a clockwise fashion crossing one foot over the other.
a person throws an object with their left hand.
a person who's stepping backwards
a person stands still then slightly moves their arms
a person grabbed something with both hands and put it down
it looks like the person is taking care of his shoes
person does a slow side jump right to left
a man throws a couple balls and then shoots a basketball.
person sits down putting arms on arm rests then stands back up
the man talks on the phone squatting at first then stands and paces.
the person takes a few steps forward kicks something with their left foot.
a person takes steps forward while quickly turning to the side as if startled.
a person performing a slight bow
the person is jogging in place.
person is psinning themselves around,
a person slides to their left, dances for a bit, and then does a michael jackson move.
a person pulls their left leg back to their glutes.
someone stomps their right foot slowly.
a person is pushing with both their arms.
a person walks forward while slightly favoring the right.
person takes a seat on the ground with legs crossed and gets left back up to standing position
raising arms and then lowering them
a man rope skipping and then remove the footwear and then rope skip again
a per son crossing their arms and then uncrossing them.
a person throws something with their right hand then kicks with their right foot before catching the object with both hands
a person sits down in a chair backwards.
a person is walking in a circle
a person jumps in place.
a person walking forward.
the person starts jumping on the spot
a person steps forward and angles themself slightly to the left, they extend their right arm and then shake something, then they extend both arms and shake something using both hands.
a person jumps over something.
the person walks forward then takes a sharp right turn
it seems like he got something then batted something.
person walks forward then stumbles back a bit then continues walking forwards
a person is sprinting forward.
the person waves with their right hand
a man walks forward, picks something up with his left arm, pours it out, and then steps backwards to his original position.
the man is in a defensive pose
the person is greeting  hello with his left hand.
a person bends down, touches the ground, stands up and then walks in a clock-wise circle.
a person is sitting with both hands up.
a person does a karate kick
a person lowers their arms to their sides, claps once, and then walks diagonally to the left.
a man leans to his left, straightens and walks forward.
a person hopping one step forward.
the person is jumping rope
a man cross punch with the right arm
a man lowers his right arm and then claps with his hands.
someone gets up from the floor, seems to be talking on the phone and starts to walk
a person walks forward taking small steps.
a man is sitting and puts his hands on his knees.
person balancing on their legs with arms out
a person walks forward at a slow pace.
a person lifts a weight with the left hand.
a figure walks forward in a womanly way
a person jumps forward with both legs together.
a figure stretches their shoulders by crossing one arm over the other
a person turns counterclockwise while standing in place then slowly stretches arms outward to their side.
a person dancing to a fast pace music.
a man performs a squat while lifting his arms to shoulder height and hands above his head.
a person has their left hand on their head and walks around in a circle.
a person is walking forward and bending to the left.
a person grabbed something and made a circle and after put it somewhere
a person sits down slowly.
a person walks forward aggressively then runs away in fear.
a  man stands on the ground ,walks anticlockwise and then stops.
a person dances rooted in one spot by first spinning their hands around while dipping a knee to each side and then continuing to dip to each side while the hands go up and down and out and in.
a person picks something up with their hands and puts it on back to support it, then walking in a clockwise circle.
a person is using their left hand to stack something on top of what is in their right hand
a person shifts on his feet and then walks up stairs.
a person lifts their left leg and bends it behind them, places it back on the ground, and then repeats
a man uses both hands to lift something around thigh-level and sets it down a couple feet to his right.
a man sidesteps to his left, then crosses his arms and bends down to the ground, before lifting back up to a standing position.
the man swims the breast stroke.
a person bows down as if greeting someone.
a person walks while holding on to something.
a person walks forward, pushed towards the right then retrieves back to the left.
a person walks forwards slowly.
a person stretches arms and does arm rolls
a person is spinning and a circle and then kicks his red foot.
stretching and or moving. seems like excercise.
person does two star jumps then stays still   this was done in centre
the man is stirring in a circular motion with his right hand.
a person steps forward, picks something up and pours it out before stepping back.
the person put his arms out to the side and got down on his knees and sitting up on his knees.
person appears to be crouch down and forward as if they are arm wrestling.
the figure makes a half turn to the left, pauses, and makes another half turn to the left to come back to where it started.
a man kicks his right foot up and does the same thing with his heel
a person start to dig something
a person who is driving a heavy duty vehicle.
a man stands still and then starts dancing around.
a person raises their right arm slightly.
someone appears to be mixing something
a person picks up something on the ground on his right side he picks it up to eye level and inspects it then puts it back on the floor to the right side
a person, walk forward and turned left side, and kept walk
the owrson is stretching with their hands up to the right.
a person claps their hands then steps forwards and turns to sit down. they reach out with their right hand
a person gets into the push-up position with an angled back and thrusts their hips
a man walks bow legged across the room, his left arm seems to pull him along an invisible counter.
the person is pacing back-and-forth in a triangle.
a person walks clock-wise in an oval shape with both hands stretched put in front.
this person is jogging in place.
a man uses his right hand in front of his body to make a clockwise circle motion.
a person reaches their right hand down to pick something up like a bucket. they then scrub something in front of them at waist level with their left hand for a couple seconds
a person takes a step forward.
a person is running on the spot.
a person grabbed something and leand it to floor
a person walks forward over a stool and turns to walk around to the left.
person is running straight ahead
a person walks to the left, gets pushed backwards and holds both hands up over his face, then continues walking
the person walks quite aggresively with swaying shoulders and his left arm swinging more than their right, they take a few steps forward and raise their right hand as if to pick something up from about head height, then walking back in the direction they came. this action is repeated one more time
a person takes many small jumps while shaking their arms and body.
a man steps forward rhythmically, moving his arms up and around and out as he walks around erratically in a dance.
a person side steps to the right and then side steps to the left.
a person takes a step forward.
a person leaned on the floor, and bend the body
a man standing on his right leg raises his left leg and bends slightly at the knee, then straightens and rotates the leg to his side and behind him before returning it to the ground.
a man raised his right arm.
a person lunges to their left, then sprints forward and to their right.
person making a tennis forehand hit
a person runs fast diagonal.
person quickly reaches right forearm up to their eyesight as if they were checking the time.
a person is sitting down, moves his hand up to his face and back down
a person is in a fighting stance with their legs spread and fists raised. they hop forward and kick out with their left foot before returning to their original position.
a figure moves a glass right to left across a table.
a person walks straight forward at normal pace.
a man is sitting in a chair and uses both hands to push off of the arm rests to bring himself up out of the chair into a standing position.
the person is hand mixing dough to bake something
this person rolls on the floor then lifts himself up.
a person raising their left hand to their face.
a man brings his hands together in applause.
figure appears to be carrying an itemm (large item)
a person raises their left hand to the side of their head.
he is running straight and stopped.
a person squats with their arms out in front of them.
a person limps forward with a hurt left leg.
the person is turning the steering wheel.
the person brushes themselves off, walks to the left and t-poses.
facing forward, a man remains still for 4 seconds and then quickly side-steps to the left.
a person raised the hands and pull it down
a man walks unsteadily forward then turns around and walks back
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides turns to his right and walks thee steps, does a 180 degree turn, walks five steps in the other direction, does another 180 degree turn and walk to the center and stops.
the sim steps backward before sitting down and standing back up again.
this person is sitting and rocking side to side.
a person slowly walked forward
a person stumbles forward while walking, then stumbles back and to the left, then forward and ends up turning around while stumbling.
someone is dancing they start off a clap and moves their arms around while moving their feet forward and backwards
the person is flapping his arms like a chicken.
pushing hands in and out.
a standing person holding their hands in front of their face bend to the left trying to dodge something.
a person lifts a weight with both hands in front of body.
figure is leaning right and left with hands raised in the air stretching their back.
a person walks forward very slowly.
a person walks straight forward.
a person is waving to someone in greeting and then waving them to come over.
a person jogs in place.
the person is backing up walking .
a person walks carefully holding handrail with left hand.
the person is john going forward.
person looks to be reaching for something above that they cannot see
person bends down to pick something up, sets it aside
person looks as if they are reaching above their head with their right arm
a person walks backward a few steps, stops, then walks forward a few steps. then they turn to the right start walking diagonally to the left then they stop again. when they resume walking they walk backwards towards their left, then they stop again and walk forward a few steps.
a person walks backwards in a crouched position.
a motion used to kick a ball
a person walks forward and then runs back
a person walks forwards and turns around on their left foot
a person walks forward in a slow staggered pattern.
a person is rubbing their hands together to warm up.
person quickly runs forward into their left.
a person shakes their arms quickly.
person quickly puts something on the ground as if to catch something and then starts walking backward with the object
a person is walking forward with hips moving left to right.
a person is standing. they throw with their left hand amd catch witg their right hand.
a man immediately sits on an invisible stool. arms too stiff to seem natural
a person waves with his left hand
a person casually struts in a clockwise oval almost back to their original position, swinging their arms lightly at their side as they walk.
a person does a jumping jack, then twists their body a few times to stretch, then brings an elbow to an opposite knee a few times.
a person hops forward on only their right foot.
a person raised his hads, and doing the warm up
a person jumps in place, stops and then takes 3 quick steps foward
a person folds their arms
a person stands with their left hand down while keeping their right hand out, then brings their left arm out.
moving forward in a crawl position, then gets back up jogging backwards then walks forward.
a person raises their left hand and waves.
the person is holding their head while walking.
a person has both hands together.
a person stumbles to the right but quickly catches himself.
the person walked a couple of steps starting with his left foot
the sim appears to be to be "pump faking" a baseball, before throwing it.
a person stands in place and looks like they are giggling or laughing and moving both their hands.
person is standing and using a touch screen
a man stands with arms outstretched at the shoulders, claps one time in front of his body, take several steps forward and then seems to sit down and scratch his left arm with his right hand.
a person throws something using both hands above their head
a person walks a curved path a few steps to the left.
a person is running in place then starts to run left and right.
a person is moving hands around walking forward and backward and around.
a person walks forward turns right to walk back.
a person lunges forward with his left leg, while bending his right leg. the person then comes back up to a standing position.
a person walks calmly in irregular clockwise circles with their right arm raised to chest-level.
the man runs in place
a red and blue stick figure walks slowly as he turns and waks in a big circle.
a person runs towards the left side.
a person does a short quick punching motion
the person is holding his right hand over his head.
a person runs and leaps.
figure walks forward then turns a quarter turn right and repeats two times in a rectangular space.
the person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
the man taps 5 steps balancing with his arms out.
the person walks forward in a slow zigzag, and then turns and begins to walk back.
the person got down on one bended knee.
a person walks from left to right and vice versa while facing forward.
a person standing points at something by lifting their left hand.
a person walks at a normal pace on a treadmill.
a person raises his both arms and moves his right hand forward
a person is playing an imaginary guitar, while swaying back-and-forth
a man is lying down on his right side, pushign up with both hands he stands up into a squatting position and lifts his left arm up to his head; man stands straight up.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person reaches their right arm up and over their head, stretching in a crescent moon position.
a person squats down to the ground and gets on their knees, placing their hand on their lap, they sit back for a moment then they stand back up and turn around.
a man does the charleston.
the man is drinking with his hand
a person fastly walked backwards
a man quickly walks forward.
the person is acting out the nursery rhyme cock robin.
a person walks backwards and then kicks the air multiple times.
a person is walking forward
a person hinges and picks up an object with his right hand and then leaves it on the same place.
a person jogs a short distance forward.
a person goes from a quick walk to a jog as if to hurry up to get somewhere just a bit faster.
a person fold arms, lowers them and then folds them again.
the figure walks somewhat clumsily forward, turns around so that they are no longer facing the camera and sits briefly and then gets up and walks forward with swaying arms.
a figure bends slightly to lift something with both hands then sets the item down to the left
a man walks in a semicircle, headed left, while using his hands on a rail to guide his balance.
person bends down and crawls along the floor before standing upleft
person punches into the air with his left hand, then punches into the air with his right hand.
a man remains still for a few seconds, before hopping backwards.
person makes a motion of throwing something with left hand coming up to chest then traveling across body to the right
a person does a squat while slightly raising hands
this person jumps on his right foot then on his left foot.
a man runs in a semi circle then runs back to the original position.
a person lifts up their left arm and dramatically dunks it down.
a person sits cross legged and then stands back up.
a man waves his left hand.
a standing person with both their arms in front of them pushes back with their right foot and walking slowly with their left foot
a person uses the breast stroke to swim.
a person makes an s-motion with their hands & arms.
this person holds his arms up as if to dance with a partner.
a figure checks the time on their watch
a person lifts their arms over their head and then lowers them.
a person standing with arms out then checks phone.
a person hand their left hand bent above their right hand
a person uses tool in left hand to stir.
a person standing up rocking from side to side and clapping,raising both their hands up above their head clapping
a person sat on something and grabbed something and put it somewhere
a person takes a step backwards and then walks in a square taking large steps.
sitting on a chair and getting up
a person stands still and then bounces their hand as if playing with a yo-yo
a person takes a step forward, turns directly around, and takes a step forwards again, returning to the original spot.
a person jumps in the air
a man stands with arms on the side, leans to the right and moves one step to the right.
a person assesses a hurt left ankle
a person pull down the hands and start to make a circle
he is imitating an elephant feeding itself with its trunk.
a person steps back and then goes down into a crawling circular motion.
a person walks forward and then slows down.
a person dances energetically in place by swinging alternating legs in front and behind themselves. they dance with with their arms lightly swinging at their sides. the person then finishes dancing and walks to the left.
a person walks, then sprints, then takes wide spaced steps.
someone is pulling back, while standing on one foot.
the person waves with their right hand.
the person is boxing and doing to write kicks and then heading to the right.
person checking the time on his right wrist
a ballerina is bringing the leg forward then taking a bow.
person makes kicking ball motion left leg
a person steps over something and then walks in a loop.
person moves forward seven steps up a flight of steps
the figure "picks up" a rag/cloth and makes a motion to dry a larger object
person may have been pointing forward.
a person raises their left hand then puts it back down.
a person raises both of his hands up, palms forward, then puts them back down.
a person casually walks forward and to the side, before stopping.
a person walks up stairs turns left and walks back down stairs.
a person walks forward while placing their right hand on a railing
a man raises and lowers his right arm.
a person is slightly squatted and they don't move
a person crosses their arms and then puts them down to their sides.
a man bouces from right to left repeatedly.
person walks forward in slow manner
a person is stirring in a bowl
the man is lifting an object over his head using his shoulder muscles then squats down and returns to his original position.
person walks forwards slowly and normally without swinging arms
a person bending their arms up and down.
robot started running from his left to right.
this person is jogging right to left and back again.
the person is stretching his arms to side .
a person raising both left and right hands, interlocking them to stretch.
a person throws an object with their red hand while taking a step back with their red leg for extra momentum
the person is doing upper body twist.
a man walks slightly to the left with both of his hand touching the walls on each side of him.
he does a pose directally
the figure works backwards with arms behind them walking in a c-shape ending with their arms coming up to their side in what would be a t-pose but the legs arent together.
this person spins around with arms extended to his sides.
a person squats down and pats something with their right hand.
a person raises his left hand above his shoulder and waves, then lowers his hand.
running front on the floor.
a person jogs forward and slightly to the left.
a man hops forward and then turns around and hops back.
a person walks backward a few steps, stops, then walks forward a few steps. then they turn to the left start walking diagonally to the right then they stop again. when they resume walking they walk backwards towards their right, then they stop again and walk forward a few steps.
a person quickly raises their right hand, then motions with their left hand, as if they picked something up.
the man walks up 3 steps then down and forward.
a person walks forward 6 steps, turns around to face the direction they came from, sites and the gets up and walks back to starting point.
a man has his arms outstretched to either side, before stepping forward, grabbing something with his right arm and then his left, then begins to make brushing or petting motions with his left hand.
a person appears to be raising both his arms with difficulty.
a man waves with his left arm.
someone stirring  something
person walks backwards quickly, then stops.
a person waves with left hand.
a person is stumbling forward.
a person waves both arms and hands as if to signal to someone, "here i am."
a person bounces up and down on their toes with their arms bouncing along loosely by their sides.
person doing cross cable exercise
a man squatting down picking up an object with his left hand.
jogging backwards slowly once.
he crouches low and slow
a person pumps their right and left fist in alternate.
a person walks to the right with their arms swinging up and down.
the person is walking around.
run forward pivot run backward diagnally
the figure walked in a curve slightly to the left.
a person walks forward then turns and walks back the other way.
a person bounces up and down on their toes with their arms bouncing along loosely by their sides.
the man moves his right hand
a person jumps up and then balances themselves.
person steps out with large step to there right with right leg
a figure lowers their arms then walks forward, using their left arm to support themselves against a wall
the person step to the right to steps and then step back to the last four steps and stopped.
a person walking up an elevated surface
a person holds an instrument that looks like a violin in their left hand and then plays it with their right.
person is kicking and dribbling a soccer ball
the person walks forward  and to their right as if following a railing or banister.
the toon is on the ground in a push up fashion, doing a push up, crawling backward & doing another push up.
the person makes a right turn.
a man jogs from side to side.
the umpire sends signals to the picture
a person bends at the knees and jumps slightly.
a person kicks their left leg up twice while hopping between feet, then punches their left arm
a figure walks forward in a sort of strut fashion, lightly zagging to the left then to the front
the guy is flexing his arms up and down.
she moves her right hand up, bending at the elbow, twice.
a person, whose hands is swaying front to back, is walking in a counter-clockwise circle while bringing their knees up as they walk.
person is standing forward doing jumping jacks.
person walks forward doing arm circles, then walks backwards doing arm circles
a person raises his arms and starts clapping and then puts his arms down
a person walks forward while swinging their arms in wide circles, and then turns around and walks while swing their arms again.
a person stretches their ankles and wrists.
a person moves slightly to his left and sits down.
the person is doing a dance like a ballerina
a person takes the lid off a box and places it to their right.
a person who jumped forward
a man walks forwards in a straight line at a medium pace, whilst gently swinging his arms.
a man leans over and reaches his right hand down near his right foot to pick an object up, then stands up and steps forward with his right foot to rub his right hand on an object.
a man squats his upper body up and down several times.
a figure walks backward slowly
a figure leans on its right leg, spine arched in an agressive posture slightly swaying its shoulders
a man leans forward very slightly, then sways as he looks off to his right.
a figure scrapes their shoes off on a mat.
the person was hopping up and down on his right foot.
a person picks something up in front of them moves it to the side then moves it back
a person walks forward slowly.
a person air kicks with his right feet and left feet.
a man seems to catch a ball from left and runs to right..
the person is boxing and doing to write kicks and then heading to the left.
a person crouches, ties their shoe, and then stands up.
a person jumps forward with both legs together.
user is using right hand and putting it up to face area
a man like figure walks forward in very slow motion and then stops.
a person walks backwards, then walks forward again and raises their arms out to the side.
the person is sitting down.
person is walking backwards.
a person uses his left hand to scratch his head
a person stretches his left arm and then stretches his right arm.
a person turns around and walks five feet, then bends down as if to pick something up
this person is jumping around.
a person walks forward then drastically to the right like they have been pushed then returns to walking normally
a man sitting on the ground straightens his legs out in front of him, puts his hands together, then brings his legs back in and stands up.
a person is running forward.
man jumps quickly to the right side
a person jumps and turns around in mid air.
a person stretches their arms above their head.
a man slowly walks forward while stretching out his legs sideways.
a person with one hand to his head looks around then squats on the ground and puts one hand to his heads while pivoting around
a man raises his left arm to his shoulders and moves it back down to his side.
someone bounces between either foot and swings their arms back and forth in front of their chest.
a person steps on their left foot and performs a high kick with their right leg, then steps back.
this person takes a large step to the right then stops and repeats the step.
a person crosses and lowers their arms.
he starts digging a hole
a person who has his hands by his sides takes four very deliberate steps forward.
a person brings their arms down
a person is not moving just moving his hands they both in the same spot, trying to pray or ask for something
the man drops his raised hand to make clockwise circles with his hands.
the person holds their hands near their head as if flexing or lifting weights.
person walks forward then jumps up and down
a person raises his left arm and moves his right arm and right hand up and down in a regular fashion.
stick figure stand perfectly still
a person grabs a small invisible object from his right and places it directly in front of them.
hand shake with right hand.
a man's arms are outstretched at shoulder-width, and begins bending his elbows like he's flexing. then his arms go back out straight again at shoulder level.
a person takes a drink with one hand and then smokes with the other hand.
a person grabbed the head with both hands
the subject took a step back leading with the left leg in a counterclockwise semi-motion. it then put its hand out as if to shake hands to give a handshake putting the alternate hand on top of the first so shaking with both hands. the subject then pivoted their body towards the left taking another step while doing so in order to shake another hand, this time with just the one.
the person is stepping on something.
someone is sitting, then goes on the phone with their left hand.
the man pick something up and hung it on the wall.
a person moves their hips around in a circle.
the man has his hands in the air, does a flip drops one hand then the other.
a person slowly walked forward and returned back
person is standing upright with legs slightly bent and both arms stretched outward, both arms drop to the side while body is slightly rocking left and right for six seconds then return both arms stretched outward
a person slightly crouches down and bends their arms at the elbows and walks slowly from side to side.
the person had his arms out straight and put them down.
a person steps forward, and pours things into something in front of them.
a man raises his forearms and puts his hands together in front of him. then he lifts his right forearm and rests his right elbow on his left hand.
the person is drinking out of a bottle with his right hand.
the person squats then takes a jog
a person swaying from side to side.
a man walks forward then takes a rather large stuff with his left leg, then continues walking forward.
a person does a flurry of hand motions like they are boxing.
a person jumped and raised the hands up
a person slowly stand up
a person walks up four steps while holding onto the railing with their left hand.
a person holds the violin with right hand, and plays with the left hand
a person reaches down with his right hand to pick up a towel, and then uses the towel to dry something off.
a person walking while grabbing his arm as it is in pain
a person makes a step slightly sideways and forward.
waving arms around while bending down.
the man peels something in his right hand stooped over then stands, puts it in his right and and backs up.
a person takes a quick step back.
a person walks in a clockwise circle carrying something in his arms
a person walks to the right, then walks forward and uses his right leg to leap to the left.
a person jogs forward quickly.
a person walks forward 6 steps and on takes a bigger step on the second step.
the person puts their hand on their face then squats down like theyre going underwater
a person raised the hand and bent it
the man is moving sideways
a person swings something with both hands
a man standing and suddenly seems to lean to the front and then quickly to the back like he's losing balance.
a person walks around to the right, then a few steps forward, stops, then walks backwards to the place they started
a sitting person uses their hands to help them stand up, turn around, then sit back down.
a man jumps down from a curve.
person is tying a bow with his hands.
man runs right from the middle, then all the way left, then back right and stops at the middle
a person is doing a workout circuit starting with bring knees to chest one at a time and then stepping back into squats
a person walks confidently forward several steps, then bends over to pick up a heavy object and place it at a higher location, they then turn around and walk away confidently.
the person throws out their right arm in front of them then brings both hands to their mouth before lowering them together to the center of their body.
a person walks slowly then stops
a person raises their arms while walking forward, and then stops and lowers their arms.
the sim appears to push something, then brings both hands to their left ear.
a person slowly kicks their left foot forward then puts it back and stands still, with feet shoulder width apart.
a person performs a jump forward
a person brings his hands together in front of him and shakes them
a person catches something and throws it with his right hand.
jumping up and down.
walking forward then stopping.
person raises left arm above the head waving. while body sways. then turns to face to their their right while still waving, before turning to face forwards again
crossing arms on chest.
the man walks clockwise looking for something.
the person is walking over to do a forehand throw.
the person backed up reached over and put some thing in his camera.
a person jogs in place.
a person walks to his right then turns around to make a jump
a man hops up and down while using his arms, and seems to be using a jump rope.
person walks backwards to make a counter clockwise circle.
he stays still then moves
a person raises their left arm to their mouth.
the person tries to stable themselves standing still but takes a step forward after losing balance
a person moves something with both hands.
a person squats down and jumps a couple feet forward off of 2 feet and lands on both feet one time.
a man leans forward on his left leg and does a slow uppercut with his right hand, then steps back.
a person does a overhead squat.
a person standing on one foot holds their left hand up while moving their right foot in a side to side motion.
a man walks three paces forward.
a person steps to the left with their left foot, then moves their right foot to the back of that foot, then returns the right foot and left foot back respectively.
a person slightly turns to the left and pretends to scoop up something and then turns to the right and lets it go and returns to standing.
a person stands still and waves with their right arm.
a person is opening a bottle and drinking from that
the sim appears to scoot across the plane.
a man jumps back and then walks forward.
a person taking four hops on his left foot.
the person is doing the shake of the shoulders.
the person punches the air and jumps.
the person to step in to the right clean over something.
person scatches head and armpit like a monkey then pretends to hold a baby
a man walks from side to side while holding his left forearm with right hand, and then walks back.
sitting down and crossing legs then sitting on the floor.
a person gets up from the floor on their hands and knees.
figure moves downwards forward in area.
person stands still moving both arms rotating a steering wheel in circular motions
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle
the person is moving their left hand around while sitting or crouching.
person picks something up, shows it left, then puts it down.
he does a bend right
person takes a large step to the left and loses balance slightly then is stationary
a man steps forward and swats at something.
a person leans their body to the left and looks left to right.
someone walks backwards from the bottom of the screen to the top.
a person stands on the spot with both their arms chopping something
a person walks forward with a specific type of gate, almost strutting a little.
the person is walking forward holding onto the handrail.
a person lowers their hands then waves and waves again then waves in a wider motion.
the sim appears to bring a phone up to their left ear holding it in their left hand.
a person holds both hands together and makes some circular motions, putting their upper body into it.
a person walks up stairs, then sidesteps down them, goes in a circle, and walks up the steps again
a person tests the range of motion of their left knee while balancing on their right leg
a person is pushed forward a step.
person rotates to side then puts hand near mouth elbow bent and stays in position
stick figure moving to the left
the sim walks forward a few steps, turns to their right then is about to climb a step.
person, whilst facing forwards, steps round in an clockwise direction in small circle.
character walking, gets pushed off ballanced from the right , regains orientation and continues walking.
person lifts up hand then puts it back down
a person, arms out to the sides, moonwalks in a clockwise half-circle.
the person tries to stable themselves standing still but takes a step forward after losing balance
a person performing a right handed straight punch
a person walks forward and to the left in a quarter circle
a person is lifting weights with both arms.
a person walks forward slowly feet together balancing carefully
a person bends down with their hands on their knees into a crouching position, then straightens back up, bracing their hands on their thighs.
a person walking forward slightly to the right
a person walking gets pushed to the left.
a man stands with his hands to his side and then takes a step back.
a person holding their left arm rout in front of them and then putting it back at their side.
a man uses his left hand in front of his body to make a counterclockwise circle motion.
a person has both hands together and is moving them in the air.
walking forward, turning around and walking back
a person gets down on their knees.
a person is standing, before moving into a crawling position, crawling forward & then turning around crawling backward before standing back up.
a person walks forward and turns left to go back.
a person whos put both hands together and is begging
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person who seems to warm up their torso by swing both arms in a stable manner to and away from their body
a person is moving their right hand very slightly then turns to the right and reaches.
a person walks over to a chair, sits down with their legs extended and arms hanging down as if to lounge, then gets up takes a step and turns around.
the person is stepping over a gap.
the man is moving his body to the right
a person runs forward slightly to the right.
a person bobs back and forth while raising their arms in front of their chest.
a person walks forward, barely drifting to their right, before stopping.
a person is pushed forward to standstill.
a person is doing exercise small arm circles and then turns torso to look behind.
the man walked in small circles pacing frantically.
a person casually sways from side to side while waving their left hand, then waves their right hand.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person lifts up their arm at a 120 degree angle twice and then reverts their arm to the opposite lower part of their body.
person runs in a zigzag motion and ducks under an invisible object hlfway through then returns to full height.
a person jumps up and down on their toes
a person lifts something with both hands, tilts it, then sets it down
a man standing appears to be drumming or hitting something.
a man staggers in a confused direction.
a person moves his hips in a circle, then kicks his left leg our, then bends down.
someone trying to catch an animal
the figure raises its left hand near its head, it then drops it down in a resting motion once again.
figure appears to be intoxicated
a person holds up both arms then lowers them one at a time
the body tiredly walks in a slight bend left to right.
a person steps to their left, runs forward, and then back-peddles to their origin.
the person took one jump down.
a person jogs in a straight line.
the sim is standing before moving to a crawling position.
a person lifts their arms to their side.
a person slowlt walked downstairs
a person squats with his arms outward.
a person touches their left arm with their right hand repeatedly.
a figure seems to pet an animal
a person punches in front of them with their right hand while slowly entering a squatting position, then they stand up and stop punching
person is trying to sit down but gets back up instead
person is doing it left for hand hit .
a person walks quickly down stairs, jumps, holds their arms out straight to their sides, then jumps again.
a person raises his right hand to his head, then returns it to his side.
a person appears to buckle something around their lap.
a man waves his arm in front of him from right to left, then up and down, to forward and back, then back to his side.
a person lowers their arms to their sides, then stretches them out straight in front of them and parallel to the ground before returning them to their sides.
a person strafes to the right.
a person lifts their left arm up over their head and gives a single wave.
a person appears to be throwing something with their right hand.
a person moving left arm up and the right arm up and then kicks right leg up and then return to position.
a person pretends to be a dog
a person swings their arms down and to their left, then raises them overhead, then shakes them up and down alternately, then raises the left arm to the side.
a person steps forward and ducks twice to the right and then once to left.
a person stand on the ground while moving left and right holding their right hand forward
a man side steps to the right and the walks forward beofre turning around and walking back.
person is waving hi.
a person walks straifht forward with head bent forward.
a man leans forward to pick up an object slightly to his right, and places it down slightly to his left.
this person used their right arm to turn their head and then extend the arm away from the body.
a person bent down gets back up, then starts to do a wiping motion in front of them.
a person takes a large side step to the left
a person softly hops in position, keeping their arms and legs stiff.
a person does several cartwheels.
a person is swinging around his arms.
a person who seems to put slippers on
stretching arms while standing.
a person slowly walks forward.
a man presses on object over his head using both arms.
someone is looking at the time
a person walking in an odd way
a man plays the violin the goes back to his original position.
a person stands facing down the path, casually swaying for a moment then proceeds to walk a few steps forward, swinging its arms casually.
person walks straight forward swaying hips slightly
the person is swimming like a fly.
a person steps to the right, kicks an object with their left foot, steps back,  then kicks with their right leg twice.
a man is curling weights with one in each hand.
man kneels down on left knee and appears to be rolling something up
a person pick something up and paces back to place something up or down.
a man walks in a curve, then a straight line, then doubles back.
a person in a standing position jumps straight up and down once.
a person runs forward with a left curve
the man is kneeling and waving his hands in the air, stands, turns and walks away.
he walks while holding onto a handrail.
a person sticks their arms straight out while their knees bent. their hands drop to the sides and then their arms stick out straight again.
the person is drying off the right arm.
a person running while making the small circle
a person steps to the right sideways.
a man walks forward quickly.
a person walks backward, then moves forward while lunging.
raises hand to head, then shifts body a bit. person appears to be slightly uncomfortable
a person is playing tennis
a figure seems to clear the table in front of them
man walks up and down stairs while holding onto the same hand rail.
moves arms upwards and then downwards three times. appears to almost be faking that they can fly
a person appears to be interacting with another person we cannot see. they are waving their right hand in the air appearing to give a "no" signal to the other person.
person is moving items on a shelf
a person steps back a few steps to squat to sit then. then gets back up again to a full standing position.
a person crouches on their knees and then lays flat on their stomach.
a person does a jumping jack in place.
a person with their arms extended up and out bring them back towards their bodies and lean back to the right.
using both hands held out in front of his body , a person stretches to the left and then the right.
a figure walks forward and to the left
someone takes steps forward in a unsteady line and then continues to move legs as their shoulders also move.
a person is walking clockwise and making a half cirle
a person lifts both hands up to the face and then lowers them.
moving arm out to shake hands.
a person picks something up with their right hand, pours it out, and sets it back down.
a person uses their left hand to wave high in the air, waves again in a lower position, then waves with their right hand.
a person is sitting and then rubs their right hand on their chest and then moves brushes the hand on their head.
the person is wiping their forehead
a person stumbles forward and catches their weight.
person walks from back centre to slightly front left
a person walking down in a straight line
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
the right arm aggressively extend out in front of the body and back, then steps back to release the right arm again with a kick from the right.
a man waves and then beckons with his right hand.
a man walks forward in a straight line.
person seem frustrated as they walk away and come back with arms up.
a person walks across the room.
a man runs in almost a zig zag looking pattern
a man slowly walks forward.
person drops something from their hands and kicks it
a person walks backwards diagonally to the left, then walks forward diagonly snapp the fingers on their right hand. the person the shakes their shoulders and returns to the original position..
a person places something on their left arm and walks around placing their left hand on the item.
the hands are met at the middle of the waist shaking and go back down to the side of the body.
a person walks around in a cirlce
a person waves their left hand, spreads their arms out and down, and makes a figure eight with their hands held together and raises them above their head as they separate.
a person throws a football the steps left and cradles their hand as if it was hurt.
this person is standing, slightly bent forward and appears to be organizing.
the person walked forward and sat down.
a person sitting or squatting down and waving his/her left hand to someone/something
a person jogs left to right.
a person walks in a clockwise circle while holding an object above their head
a person quickly waves with their left hand
a person takes two steps forward, turns sharply, and then takes two steps back in the direction he came from.
a person walks forward, turns around walks back, touches something high above them, and then turns around and walks back.
a man is holding both hands at eye level in a boxing motion while he advances to someone or something in a straight line.
a perosn brushes their teeth, spits, and then sets their toothbrush down.
a person doing jumping jacks and then running on the spot
a person slowly walked forward and stopped
a person throws something upwards with two hands.
a person lifts their left forearm upwards towards their mouth and then puts it down again.
the figure shambles from side to side, only ever moving in quarter circle motions.
a person walks forward with their hands raised above their head,
a person crosses left leg behind right to sit down and then stands back up.
a person stretching out by lunging to their right
a man is shadowboxing while standing still.
stand and touch the legs.
a person bends down, picks something up, sticks it in the ground and rotates it.
the person crouches and walks forward.
a person slowly walks forward
a person steps their right leg out and back to lean their body in that direaction
a person answers a mobile phone call
a person side steps to the left 5 times then side steps to the right 3 times.
a person is stretching their arms.
a person begins walking forward, trips, then turns around, continues walking, and trips again.
the person is jumping and spinning.
someone slowly and dramatically walks forward in a straight line.
a man makes a "t" shape in the air with his left hand.
the person throws punches as if practicing fighting.
person stands still waving both arms above head  then moves both arms up and down then moves knees in and out then bows slightly forward
a person grabbed something and made some jesture
the person just did a ballet twirl.
a person goes backward in a almost straight line fashion while both arms are hanging down and swaggering.
a person walks forward at a angle
a person walks straight forward.
a person lifts an object with both hands, shifts it to the side, and sets it down.
a left handed golfer takes a golf swing.
a person standing still and waving their left hand
a person takes one step forward with their right foot and then with their left to end with their feet side by side.
a person jumps up and down multiple times.
the person is taking giant steps forward.
a person looks at their wrist and lowers their arm.
a person walks in a circle while using their right arm and hand in a clawing motion over and over again.
the man is waving happily
person walks forward, steps over something, and continues
the person is picking up something.
a person places something up high with his right hand, turns around to the right and takes a few steps away, then turns around to the left, walks back to where they started and picks something up from the ground with their right hand.
the person exercises his arms close to his head
a person takes 5 steps backwards.
a man lunges forward and kicks with his left foot.
a person sits down and begins eating really fast.
a standing person moving from their left to right then moving backwards and forward again
the person is putting on his shirt.
a person holding something and placing it away
a person is jumping in place then starts to jump forward.
the person is walking like heโs doing a comedian act.
a figure stands with bent knees and raises and lowers their outstretched arms
a person walks forward then turns and walks back the other way.
the person starts lighting their arm up and down
a person is jogging in place.
a person takes two steps backwards.
a person walks forward, then pivots and swivels to their right before walking back.
a person raises his right arm over his head and then his left arm over his head
the person picked up some thing and put it to the right.
a person opens a laptop and types on the keyboard.
he stays still then stops
a man shakes his arms and legs, makes a small jump and then stretches his body to the right and  to the left.
a person squats and turns from side to side.
person walks forward very slowly
a person sits down, then gets back up.
the person claps their hands while standing up
this person wiggles his upper body while raising his arms above his head.
he crouches with his hands up
a person takes a step towards the camera, turns right and takes two steps, turns right again and takes to steps all while they are raising their right leg higher then their left while walking.
a person is doing a guitar playing motion with their arms then puts their hands down.
walking backwards with arms outsteretched
the person is  jumping over to the side.
the person turns to the left, walks, then walks up something.
the person just sat down.
a person stand up, and bend the knee
a person standing brings hands together in front of him to applaud
a person stands still and does nothing.
in a standing position, arms moving up and down as if your throwing something to the ground.
a person lowers their right arm and then raises their left arm to their head for several seconds until lowering it
persons throws a football to someone
the person is shrugging his shoulders and then saluting someone.
a person who is sitting reaches up with his right hand and puts something in his mouth.
a person stumbles backwards and stops.
a person gently pacing around.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle twice
a person jumps to the right and then stops.
the person leans on the left then right and then grabs something on the ground. they wipe something on the left hand side. they do a twisting motion like a doorknob and set an item down on the right side on the ground
this person stands in place a raises his left arm slightly.
the man uses the back side of his left hands to perform a smacking motion in front of him.
this person jumps from a standing position and turns to the right.
a person kneels down.
person is walking a little tipsy a bit.
a person walks up stairs slowly
the sim is standing at a angle, with their right arm extended.
a person is standing in one place, then reaches up and scratches his head.
the person takes a few steps while holding their right knee, then switches to holding their left knee while walking.
a person performs a salsa dance.
a person stands with their arms out, drops them to their sides, walks forward towards the right and salutes, turns and steps left saluting again.
a person looks around while holding their hips.
a person takes two steps to the left, takes three steps to the right, then finally takes one step back to the left.
a person walks in a clock wise circle then goes to the left a few steps and then goes to the right a few steps.
the person was pushed from the left side.
person walks forward at normal speed
someone is working out and lifting something with a hand
a person  lifts their hands from their knees and then puts them back.
person walks up and down with arms slightly spread
a man walks forward, reaches the edge of the shaded area and halts
someone with his arms outstretched turns his hands
character is taking a side step to the left, then a side step to the right.
a man pours something with his left hand.
a man throws something and then puts his hands up before throwing something else.
a person is kneeling on something and then stands up
a person flamenco dances with their arms switching in the air.
person walks forwards then takes a large step over something
person is walking sideways to the right.
a figure crosses their arms at their chest, lowers both arms, then crosses them again.
a person acting like a monkey.
a person lifts his forearms like he is lifting weights. he does this three times.
person throws a right jab and then moves back.
a person balls their hands together and then lets their hands rest at their side after
person looks as if they are reaching above their head with their left arm
a fast walk forward with multiple steps.
the person is the throwing some thing.
the person is walking back and forth at a very slow pace
a person grabbing something and giving it so someone
the person if placing some thing from the left to the right.
a person sliding to the left with right foot, positioning right foot together with left foot, and then raising both right and left hands in the air in the stance of a ballerina.
a person walks in a line starting first to the right, then forward, then left for a distance, and then forward again.
person brings left hand up to touch face, then puts it back to side
a man crouches down on the ground.
person is standing with their knees bent and with a slightly wider stance, as if they're doing some kind of leg exercise
the person is mixing something.
a person jumps up, flips backwards and twists in the air, landing on their back.
a person slowly walked forward while raising the hands up
a person carefully sits down on the ground and crosses their legs.
walking forward in a diagonal line.
a figure moves their arms diagonally up and down.
the person takes a few steps and then turns around with their back to you.
a person turns around in a counter clockwise circle, walks forward and to the right hand side, then bends down to pick something up with their left hand.
he starts walking very slowly
the person walk forward and wipe some thing off.
a person is walking and then injures their leg
a person kicks ball with outside of foot.
person cartwheels from right to left diagonally and then walks back to starting position
a man appears to be dancing and waving his arms and then does the wave through his legs, then returns to the arms once more.
figure is on its knees with hands on thighsand starting with its right leg gets up and shuffles diagonally to the left and looks back.
a person does jumping jacks; his hands meeting at the top, before pausing; then, he starts a walking motion in place, his hands swinging wildly to the front and back, alternating between arms.
person lift both arms halfway up to their head. person uses hands to comb and brush hair in a downward motion.
a person swipes an object over a surface, using their body weight as leverage.
person stands still moving both arms rotating a steering wheel in circular motions
a person jogging or running forwards
person is side on with throwing or hitting something with their left hand they do this twice
a man steps forward and then touches his head.
a person who seems to throw or hit something
a person kicks to the front with their right leg 2 times. then kicks with thier right leg to the right side 3 times.
a person turns right then walks forward
a man turns slightly to his right then lefts his left leg slightly and stamps down with his heel, before returning to his original position.
the person is walking backwards straight and then back again.
a person walks forward and the comes to a stand still
a person casually walks forward three paces
the person is walking slowly forward.
a person tumbles backwards and stops.
a person walks forward making a gradual 90ยฐ turn towards the right.
man moves quickly around in a funny way
a man steps side to side while stretching his arm across his body and waves.
a person beckons for someone to come here.
a person runs backwards, turns halfway then runs forward.
a person jumps forward once.
in there is a stand behind it
a person walking towards it's destination at a medium pace. while walking, this person takes his foot higher than normal walking, possibly a rough terrain or tall grasses.
a man walks quickly forward a few steps, then stops in a standing position.
stand up straight and bring your left arm out.
the person pick some thing up and tilted it on its side.
a person takes a few steps forward before coming back to a stop.
a person walks back and forth on a diagonal
a person walks forward, turns around in a counter-clockwise direction on thier left foot, then walks forward again.
the person moves their hands as if looking for something in a refrigerator or cabinet.
a person sits down and applauds.
the person balances on their right toe, then switches to the left and spins in a circle
a man sits down cross legged then stands up again.
he steps out and to his right and zigzags from side to side as one would do in a roped queue or line.
the person takes one large step towards the right
a person stumbles back with their right foot, and throws their hands up to catch their balance.
walking in a diagonal line.
a person has their right hand raised in the air and slowly lowers it.
person standing upright  moves arms in a windmill position forward then moves them in reverse before finished leaning over
a man steps forward, then suddenly staggers to his left, before returning to his original course.
person lifts left arm in throwing motion then lifts  both arms together touching hands on right side
a person walks forward slowly without moving forward, as though walking on a treadmill, and his arms remain still at his sides.
a person pivots backwards while holding alternating arms out in defense
someone walks diagonally forward several steps.
a person walks forward and gets pushed, he stumbles to the left and then returns to his original path
rubbing belly while standing in place.
the person is walking forward and turn around like a monster
a man picks something up and then walks forward.
a person in a sitting position wiggles around while remaining in that position.
a person picks something up with their right hand then wipes something with short motions
a person who is lifting left and right arms.
a person pets an animal that is low to the ground.
a person is coughing into their hand
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle while talking.
man has both hands on his hips, flares elbows outward and looks left. he drops both hands down at his sides and he waves hi several times with his right hand. he brings his right hand up to his mouth as if sneezing or coughing.
a person stands up from bending over, shakes out their right hand, walks diagonally forward and to the left, then turns around counterclockwise and runs back towards their starting position.
a person raises his hands, moves his left hand above his right then back down again.
a person jumps forward once.
a person gives high fives.
the person takes a few steps forward then walks in place .
a person takes one giant jump to the left.
a man sets to do a backflips then fails back flip and falls to the ground
a person seeming to be working with arms placing things up and back and forth.
he jumps over the beam then stops
a person slowly walks forward and then stops.
this person throws with his left hand as if playing baseball.
a man sits down cross-legged on the ground, then stands back up.
a main raises his arms from his side parallel to the ground, then lowers them again to his side.
a person walking straight forward.
a person walks in a semi circle to the left.
a person steps backwards two steps, then rushes forward a few steps and swings his left arm forward as though tossing something.
a person walks forward, then runs diagonal, then walks to the side and then runs back to the starting point.
a person screws something with their right hand, holding an object with their left.
a person walks up to something and wipes it down.
a person walks forward and drops to the ground, then proceeds to breast stroke.
a person holds their right hand palm up next to their head and strums their left hand back and forth in front of their chest.
a person was sideways to left with the right foot stepping over the left foot, then reverses direction with the left foot stepping over the right
a person raises both hands in the air.
person picks item out of right pocket with right hand then holds item with both hands and raises  right hand to head
starting with their right foot, a person walks in a circle from the bottom left.
he rinses his hands and then adds some soap and washes his hands.
a man jogs to the right with his arms in a running motion. then turns around and jogs to the left. then jogs back to the centre
a person walks down several steps, while using their right hand along a handrail.
a person slowly walked forward in left direction
a person lifts their right arm up and slams it down angrily.
the person held his arms out wide and put them down to his side while he was sitting.
a person bends over, picks up a heavy object, and then sets it down in a new spot.
someone bends at the waist to pick something up before standing back up and placing it on a table in front of them.
someone takes several steps from left to right, then side steps halfway back to the left.
a man steps backwards a few steps on even ground, and then steps backwards up some stairs.
a person is walking and gets pushed to the left
a man raises his hands and holds something up near his eyes like trying to scrutinize.
a person a little jumped forward
a standing person steps one step to their right.
a person clutches sides and back with backache.
man casually walks forward with minimal arm motions
a man shrugs over and over again.
jumps up high with both feet and to the left side lands back down.
figure scratches their head with their right hand
person walks forward then step up with left foot, goes up then steps right and comes down, then turns right and right again to walk back up
walking forward with small steps then back.
a person is cheering and dancing
a stick figure is seen standing in place with his arms up, bending inwards.
person takes steps moving to his right a few steps.
a person picks something up in front of them moves it to the side then moves it back
a peson steps backwards from their left to right to avoid something.
someone is walking forward
a person cleaning the floor by sweeping, mopping or using a vacuum cleaner
someone stumbles to their left putting their left foot over their right foot.
a person walks while holding a hand rail
a person swings their arms around while twisting then grabs their right elbow.
a person makes repeated punching motions in to the air, mostly toward their left side.
a man spins his right arm around in fast forward circles, hopping slightly as he does, then repeats the process with backwards circles, then does fast forward circles with his left arm.
a person grabs something off the floor, before using that object to wipe something down.
a person walks over something by standing on it, before continuing on their way.
a figure side leaps to the right then takes of jogging in that direction
a person walks down stairs briskly.
he starts walking straight backwards
a person walks while dramatically swinging both arms.
a man walks forward and leans his hands on a table while lifting his left leg.
a person is creeping/ tiptowing.
this person appears to open a door then walks forward.
sitting down crisscrossed, the right arm chucks forward and chucks forward again.
a person takes a step forward, turns directly around, and takes a step forwards again, returning to the original spot.
a man walks carefully so as not to step on something.
this person reaches to the right then reaches forward with both arms and kicks with left leg.
a person puts their hands on their hips then checks the time on their right wrist.
the left arm aggressively extend out in front of the body and back, then steps back to release the left arm again with a kick from the left.
a man marches and sidesteps back and forth in multiple directions.
the human is running forward briskly
the man plays catch and throw a ball.
a person walks forward, picks something up, sets it down on something a little higher, turns around and walks back.
the person is warming up their wrists and ankles.
anperson behaving like a dragon
a figure leans forward as though impersonating an airplane/scanner
a person walks forward, trips over something, stops to check his foot, and then continues walking.
a person waves its arms around.
a person holds something up to their face.
a person jumps up twice
a person is attempting to jump rope by hopping from one leg to the other as if running in place, but has to reset every two to three jumps.
a person squats twice while holding a barbell over his head.
a man is running in place.
a person waves with their left hand
he raises his right hand in the air as in a throwing motion and then clasps it with his left hand
a person is coughing into their hand
a person bends their knees, jumps up a little, before doing that jump a second time.
a character is facing forward at the front of the mat then turns in a counter clock wise motion. they then walk in a crouching motion towards the back of the mat.
a person throws something with their right hand, then raises their left hand up to their face.
a man takes small jumps while throwing his arms up towards his head in a star motion.
the man strolls forward with minimal movement of his hands.
a person doing standing crunches and squats
standing the left hand is raised with elbow bent to head level and then returned to starting position.
a person walks in a clock wise circle then goes to the right a few steps and then goes to the left a few steps.
the person walks in a counterclockwise circle
a bird lifts its wings and moves them up and down, as if it were preparing to fly.
a man stands and raises his hands and moves them in circular motions,walks foward and turns anticlockwise in a c sha
the person walks on all fours.
a person walking like a penguin in a circle.
a person stands, waving back and forth with one arm.
a man stretches his right arm.
the person was getting into a golf stance
a man walks up something with his right hand raised.
someone is holding both arms out, fully extended, while walking forward in a straight line
man starts walking and then goes right and then left and then left again.
a person sat on something and grabbed something and put it somewhere
a person standing with feet shoulders with, with both halds clasped in the center of their chest
person walks forward, stumbles back, and continues forward
person is walking in a l shape
a man ;does poses with his arms.
the person is walking forward diagonally.
the sim appears to be holding an object in their left arm, using their right hand to stir the contents.
a person lifts their right arm and then left arm.
a figure seems to gesture contritely or sincerely with their left hand as though entreating someone
a man takes two steps forward, then pivots on his right foot 180 degrees and takes 2 more steps forward
a person standing with feet shoulders with, with both halds clasped in the center of their chest
a man walks backward and forward multiple times.
a red a blue stick figure takes even steps walking forward starting on the right foot.
person is standing reaches arms upwards, and then reaches arms and body forward
a person squatting down, catches self from falling by placing right then left hands behind them, and then rebalancing self.
the man stoops to pat someone on the back then stands and walks away.
a person gets down on the floor and kneels.
a person throws a ball with their left hand.
a man lowers his arms to his side, then lifts his right hand to tap at something in front of him at chest and head level, before lowering it to his side.
a person raises their left hand thoughtfully, kicks towards the left hand side with their left leg, and extends their left arm and right leg outward rapidly.
the person is taking a drink with the right hand.
the character scratches his head with his left arm
person runs in a zigzag motion and ducks under an invisible object hlfway through then returns to full height.
a person looks forward, then looks to their left, then looks to their right
a person is bent over and looking around
person is putting away items on a shelf
person is running on the spot but at 2x speed
a person stretching their right arm over their head, bending their body during the motion.
a person is crouched down and walking around sneakily.
person walking up flight of stairs
person ran got down on his knees turn around and ran back the other way.
a person kicks to the front with their left leg 2 times. then kicks with thier left leg to the left side 3 times.
a person cries into their hands.
a person seems to be describing something
figure appears to be swinging a club or bat
a person stands still and waves with their left arm.
the person was walking forward normally.
a man walks shakily for a word slightly bent at the waist, with arms raised above his head and them flopping loosely.
a person sits on the ground and gets back up.
a person runs into a walk
a man walks forward fast, starting with his left leg.
figure lifts left foot up to right inner thigh, then spreads arms out wide, holding this postion momentarily. figure then drops arms and left leg, proceeding to move to the left and spread legs wide.
the person is shaking out both her arms.
a person stands in place with their arms bent.
a person is walking in place.
a person moves arms down; left hand picks up something; right hand grabs it and sits it down.
a man walks in a circular motion.
a person wlowaly walked forward and stopped
a person walks forward, picks up a ball, turns around, and walks back to their start position.
moving arms up and down near face.
a man squats low to the ground and then jumps up repeatedly.
a person raises their hands to the sky then lowers them
a person stands stationary, lifts something up with thier right arm, pauses, and then sets the object on a surface and lowers their arm.
a man bends down,lowers his left hand to grabs something for support ,kneels down with both legs and then puts it aside.
a figure raises their arms walks forward and mopes.
a man steps back, picks something up and put it to his head and then puts it back.
person walking in circular motion bent down
a man walks forward with a limp in his right leg and then walks in the other direction.
a person exercises their back by bending to the left, bending to the right, bending backwards then forwards and down to touch their toes.
a person performs a handstand.
person is dancing eloquently
the man walk and turn like a haf sercle and stops.
a person steps back on their left leg and brings their right arm in front of them.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes two steps forward before taking one big step, then one normal step and then stopping.
a person moves their left forearm around in a random pattern.
a person walking straight down a walk way.
a person makes one step forward with each leg.
a  person's arms by sides are crossed in front of chest and then lowered by sides again.
a person sat on something
a person walks over to a chair sits and then gets back up
a person walking and dancing in a karate or martial arts fashion.
the man puts something down and walks
a man waves his right hand and starts dancing.
a man is running in place.
a man does several jumping jacks.
he is siting on a chair while moving it
a person balances on right foot whilst waving left leg around in the air.
person does a boxing punch, right uppercut
a person stands up from a kneeling position, using their right arm to help themselves up.
person grab the ball and he threw it across the field
a person takes their hands from their side places them above their shoulders and then places them back at their side
person throws a left jab and then moves back.
the person standing raise his arm in the side in a shoulder level once and put on the side back then move his left arm touching the right shoulder and move to the front, up and down front stretch then stop.
a man walks forward for 5 steps.  he then turns 45 degrees to his left and continues walking.
figure appears to be walking slow
man walks forward moving hands and neck.
person sits on floor with legs crossed
a person pulls his knee to his chest to stretch
the person stood up from a sitting position.
a person slowly ran in the place
a man raises its left arm and wiggles it and brings it back down.
a man stretches his shoulders and rotates his both arms and then stretches his left foot too.
a person raises both arms then dances around and makes a kick with right leg
the person punch someone with the left arm.
a person walks forward, turns left to turn completely, back to the starting spot.
a person kicking with their left foot multiple times then kicking with their right foot a couple times.
a person steps on their right foot and performs a high kick with their left leg, then steps back.
a person walking and turns left.
the person bend down like catching something in both direction and then up and stop.
a person walks forward while feeling for an object to his right
a person stretches each leg then touches their head.
a person goes up and down the stairs
a person slowly stumbles forward
a person is acting like a scary animal by hovering their arms above their head.
the person was kneeling on one knee stood up.
a figure rubs their torso and left leg.
a person is squatted down, sneaking about and at the end rises up.
a person is shaking his body
crouching and then jumping.
a person leans forward, checks their watch, and then paces around.
a man hold object up to his ear with his left hand, then puts his left hand down.
a person runs on the spot, while rotating in a circle.
a person walks upstairs and stands.
this person is gesturing with both hands as if he is teaching.
a person is moving around dancing with their arms.
a man crawls forward on his stomach.
a man moves an object in front of his face and above his head.
stick person is danceing from forward to the right and then tonthe left with both arms up
the person starts wiping off something then stand back and lift both their arm up
a person winds up his arm and then pitches a ball.
a man stands up from bowing and then steps back.
person steps onto the right leg and straightens right arm into the air
with both arms extended, bent at the elbows, and pointed downward towards the hip, a person performs a partial squat-like motion by bending the left knee slightly while leaving the right leg mostly extended.
a figure walks forward lightly kicking one foot out
the person is balancing on one leg using his hands to help balance
this person stands and sways around as if to be social in a crowd.
the figure is performing a bicep curl with its right arm.
the man wrings his hands and twists his ankles.
a person lowers their right arm to grab something and then lowers their left arm to grab something from the other side
a person is spinning around
a man takes several steps backwards, then turns slightly and walks forward, before turning and backstepping, then turning and stepping forward, walking in a star pattern.
person is walking and stepped over something.
a man walks forward to the right.
a person is playing ring around the rosie.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back to where they were before
a man stands up, walks in a circle, and sits back down.
a person walking forward while balancing on a narrow platform.
a person washes their arm and head.
a person moves around his head.
a person begins walking and then turn right at 180 degrees and starts walking back where they come form.
a person who is standing and holding up his hands in a fighting position, drops his hands, puts his hands on his hips, then raises his hands, rolls them and signals to listen to him as he walks to his left.
the person is jogging with dumbbells.
a person kneels over and touches something with his right hand.
person is jumping up and down.
the individual raises their arm almost as if to check the time on their watch.
person walks forward and uses a item to squat down. then stands up and walks backwards.
a person walks while bending to the right
the person walks forward slowly and then stops
a man walks slowly forward leading with his left foot.
a person jogging in a circle then jogging straight and then to the left
a person drops their arms from shoulder height and begins waving at the viewer with their right arm.
a man walks forward slowly and clumsily
a person is lifting weights with both hands
a figure sways back and forth with his legs apart and arms partly out from his sides.
cheerfully walking forward with each step.
person trots forward and then turns around
a man walks around in a clockwise circle.
person walks forward slowly and hesitates before standing upleft
a person  appears to bounce a ball with his left arm, then cleans his face
person swivels right and left while holding up both hands to his mouth and cupping them.
the person is getting ready to golf.
a person gets up, and moves an item with his left hand.
a person does throwing motion with right arm and then brings both hands over right shoulder with both elbows pointed outwards
person is sitting down leaving at someone with the right arm.
a person is lifting weights with both arms.
a person flaps both of their arms like a chicken.
a person takes a jumpshot.
a person executes an uppercut punch with the left hand.
the person is taking something from the left and sitting it on the right
a person high kicks with his left leg twice and then high kicks with their right leg twice.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person standing in one position, gently swinging both arms in back-and-forth motion
the person put his arms up and down to the side.
the person leans their left arm downward, then turns right as the lean their right arm downward
a red and blue stick figure picks something up with and scrubs with bost hands
person is a squat position raises both arms out horizontal and holds them
a man holds his arms in the middle position and releases downwards , and then raises the right hand up and down.
a person walks forward, spins left until he is facing the opposite direction, and then he walks back.
a person jumps, spins completely around in a circle an lands.
a person just woke up then start to make a phone call
man walks and turns frequently with something in his hand
a man walks in a figure eight formation.
a person steps forward, turns around and runs several steps then turns around and begins a cartwheel.
a person stands and moves right hand side to side
a person runs towards his left.
the person put his hands on his knees.
a person performs multiple dance moves and ultimately ends up in a relative position diagonally to the left.
person walks in circle then waves multiple times with both hands
a person takes 2 steps forward, then does a sharp left turn and walks back to starting point.
a person walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
the person is walking backwards from left to right.
a person takes a few slow steps forward while lightly swaying their hips.
a person walks forward then spins around with one leg then walks back.
person walks forward and moves their left hand across them, then steps back
a person lowers their arms and then jogs in place
the person is walking at the medium speed.
a person is holding his left hand up while walking to the right.  he then holds both hands up while continuing to walk.
a person walks forward down a slope.
a person raised his both hands, while standing and after he stand on his knee
the figure stands, then bends and sits down with its legs crossed, pauses for a second, and stands up again.
a person stretches their arms above their head while jumping up in the air
the person is doing a pectoral warm up.
a figure standing walks forward left foot first then right then left then right then left before coming to a standstill
a person slowly walked forward and returned
a person walking forward slowly
this person walks carefully in a circle.
a person stumbles around, struggling to walk, and then turns around and continues
the man jumps to his left side as if he's dodging something
a person tosses and catches a football.
a person throws its left arm up into the air. while shifting much of their bodyweight to their right leg, the person perform a clockwise circular motion with their lifted arm.
a person skipping across a room.
he runs in jumplace then stops
a person waves his right hand back and forth while standing, he then turns his hand to the side continueing to wave his hand and then turns his had to the back still waving
person is running straight ahead
a person runs around in the shape of a d.
this person paces the floor and then returns to their normal position.
a person walks forward and makes a left turn.
a person positions their hand like theyre holding motorcyle handle bars.
a person walks forward with his right hand outstretched like he is carrying something, stops, then motions like his is putting something on a counter. he proceeds to walk back to his starting position in a counter-clockwise direction.
a person holds both hands up towards their face, as if cradling a baby.
the person is taking a drink with the left hand.
a man seems to be walking forward and then continuously steps up, as if climbing stairs.
a person walks forward and spins one one foot then turns around and walks the other way
a person walks forward slowly in an unbalanced fashion.
a standing person is swaying gently back and forth as he holds his left hand to the left side of his head for a moment. he drops his arm, briefly, then raises it to look at his hand.
the person rolls with their legs spread apart and starts and ends with their left arm extended above their head.
a person walks forward then turns around to walk back.
a man turns around and walks forward.
a person either throwing or hitting something with his left arm twice.
a person who seems to be working out with 2 dumbbells
person gets on hands and knees, crawls forward, turns around, crawls back to where it started and stands up.
a person jumps forwards casually..
a person is pushed forward to standstill.
a person slowly walked backwards
a person walks in a straight line, turns around, and walks back towards their starting postion.
a person lifts the left arm and turns over the hand palm side up.
a person pumps their left and right fist in alternate.
a person turns to the right, squats while bringing both hands together then stands up straight again.
a person is walking sideways with their arms out and hunched down.
the man does a basketball shoot
stretching leg while standing still.
a man turns from right to left back and forth, waving his arms in karate chop motions.
a person, standing still, suddenly throws something with their left arm.
a person dance with his hands together.
a person picks up an object and places it to their right.
the person is looking through binoculars.
a person crouches on their knees and then lays flat on their stomach.
a person moves an object from a position on his left to a position to his right.
a person walking side to side.
a person stretches out his arms.
figure walks slowly starting with their right foot then left forward.
a person walks straight back.
man walks in a counterclockwise circle, with his arms at his sides at all times.
a man skips in a circle with his arms moving up anf down
a person looks at an object in their hand and touches it with their other hand.
while standing in place rotates arms alternately above head and to the right. then swings both arms in unison over back of head to end up with hands in front and opened upwards
the man pick some thing up from the right and moved it to the left.
a person stands leaning on their right leg and begins to turn backwards towards their left.
a figure walks in a straight line, turns around, and crawls on all fours back the same direction
person crouches forward slightly, then runs ahead, then backs up quickly and flaps his arms once.
man has right foot on upper thigh of the left leg and hold it in a pose with arms out to his sides in the air for 3 seconds then drops his leg and begins to do the same pose but switches legs.
person walks forward in slow manner
a stick figure person raises both palms up and rotates them in opposite directions quickly while shaking his hands back and forth, all while wiggling the hips a bit.
person casually walks forward, right hand moving with left leg and left hand moving with right leg.
person throws object with left hand then uses both hands together to pull an item in to body
twisting leg and stretching.
person leans side and walks hesitates and avoids
a person crawls on all fours, then turns around counter clockwise and crawls back again, then they stand up and face right.
a person is standing the brings right and left hand forward.
a person crawling on his knees and hands strait and then turning around and crawling towards his original position
a person swings their left arm them spreads both arms.
a person is doing the cha cha dance.
person moves forward two steps picks something up and goes in a anticlockwise circle and then holds right hand up
the person is trying to talk with his hands.
a person walking, taking high steps .
the person is holding his left arm up.
the man is moving his arm like he is playing tennis
a person raises their hands toward their body repeatedly.
person is acting like a graceful lady weeding.
a person moves his hand in front of him in a horizontal, counterclockwise, circular motion.
a person takes a long drink using both hands.
this person was exercising their arms first rotating the right and then the left .
a person leans on their left and right foot before jumping and extending their  right arm vertically
a person takes one step to the left
figure is standing, moving arms together as if opening something and rhen with its left arm brings it up to where its head would be as if it were to drink somthing from it.
falling down with a leg injury
person brings right hand up to touch face, then puts it back to side
a person is standing with its knees bent and he
a person jogs in place.
a person walks forward then stops.
a person walks around in a complete circle to the left while holding his right side, then u-turns back towards the way he came.
a person claps with both hands .
a person paces back and forward a few times before coming back to a stop.
slowly wake on the right side.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes one small step backwards and resumes his original stance.
a person crosses their feet and kneels down at the same time.
the person practices their salsa dance routine
a person lifts heavy weights with both arms.
a person slowly walked forward in left and right direction and after return
the left hand goes to the stomach, pauses, and placed back down to the side.
a person waves with their right hand
a man is walking in a straight line, while swaying his hips left to right with a swagger
a person bends to their left with their right arm above their head.
a person that is running fast.
a man steps to the right steps in a small counterclockwise circle throws right arm then steps in a larger backward counterclockwise circle
the person was spinning around in place and jumped.
person is sitting down with arms hanging
a person dodging something coming at him and then sighs in relief that it didnt hit him
a person starts jumping jacks, then after a few seconds trips a bit and stops.
walking forward and stopping.
a person walks forward slowly.
person moves forward and extends the right leg and kicks something to the front
a person picks up a long object, flips it upleft while turning right, then steadily places it on something.
a person is crawling on all fours, and then gets up.
a man sidesteps from right to left and back again.
a person walks to the right, gets pushed backwards and holds both hands up over his face, then continues walking
a person steps forward, then side to side then forward then side to side and forward once again.
a person, standing in horse-stance, is adjusting their hands while crouched.
this person waves off as if joking.
a person walks up and forward while holding on to something
a person walks forward, steps up two steps, steps down two steps, and turns around to go back
person runs forward and then turns around and does a cart wheel
the person is picking something up and putting it on something.
a person with their arms straight out to their sides, lowers them, and then smacks their hands together before walking to the right and sitting down on some object.
person side steps to their left and stops
this person is walking in circles then moves across room to step around an object.
he callls takiguchi then stops
someone walks forward at a curve to their right.
a person walks straight forward at a slow pace.
a person is doing star jumps
the man is moving sideways
person jumps 180 degrees once
a man lifts his right hand to his head and then puts his arm back down.
a person who is moving their hips repeatedly to the right and left
person down on hands and knees stands up
a man walks backwards with his arms stiffly at his sides.
a person walks at a 45 degree angle to the left.
a man steps forward and then crosses his arms.
person moves forward seven steps up a flight of steps
a person picks up various items with their right hand both high and low.
with his hands up in front of him, a person bounces up and down loosely, slightly turning from side to side.
the stick man stops, walks forwards and turns around to about face and walks forward.
this person bends down as if to shew something.
the sim jumps from their left to their right.
a person swings his left foot forward, leaning on his right leg.
the person is standing and then lifts his left arm.
a person walks forward at a angle
someone is lifting something up.
the man is boxing upwards
the man is readying a stance to fight with someone.
a person moves their left hand counter-clockwise at the same time as their right hand moves clockwise, then throws both hands upwards and out.
a person rubs his hand down the front of his body.
a person walks away diagonally to his left, picks something up, walks back, and then he again walks diagonally to his left and picks something up.
a person is making rapid up and down, and side to side motions with their right arm, by bending it at the elbow.
a person walks forward slowly in place, keeping their arms at their sides.
a person walks around from the left to right.
a person is walking around suspiciously
a person raised his hand, and leaned it near to face
a person stands without moving
a person walks forward and then stops.
the right arm goes up at shoulder height and goes across the body to the left and right again.
a person takes a quick step to their left.
a man is pretending to be a chicken. constantly pecking at the ground and waving his arms like a chicken.
a person lowers and walks on all fours to the left.
a person raising both his hands.
someone is walking backwards and counterclockwise around a tight arcing path.
a person kicks their legs in front of them one after the other
a person is golf putting a ball.
person is hopping on one foot at a time alternating between left and right
simple stand on the floor on few second and move left side on the floor.
a person walks in a diagonal direction.
a man brings his arms up from his sides and crosses them over his chest, then lowers them to his sides.
a person is jogging on a treadmill.
a person lifts the right arm and turns over the hand palm side up.
the character starts with arms outstretched to both sides then brings arms down. next the character uses the right hand to drink, then brings the hand down while putting the left hand on the hip. finally the character uses the right hand to mimic drinking again.
a man jogs in a small circle.
the person folds their arms before then unfolding
the person is doing horizontal jumps back and forth.
a person is acting like a cat.
a person walks forward and looks up.
a person jogs quickly in place with his arms moving energetically, before ending in a standing position.
a person runs forward, then quickly turns off to the left.
a person brings their right hand up to touch their mouth, returns their arm to the side, then swings both arms simultaneously up and away from them.
a person walks angrily around a room, sits, and then continues to walk.
a person runs and then turns to do a cartwheel.
a person steps back to look at something, puts it down and steps forward again.
a person bends their right leg at the knee with their foot behind them and then moves their right leg around, from left to right and straightens and rebends the leg.
a person with arms up wipes somethings.
a man walks forward at a moderate pace.
a man steps forward, then picks something up with his left hand, then with his left hand, brings them close together, and sets them back down in the same order.
a person is lifting a dumbbell with their right arm.
a person walks forward then around off to the side.
a person walks forward in a curve to the left.
a person squats, pantamimes a lifting motion.. elbows bent and arms extended, swinging his hips side to side
a person seems to be in a fighting stance and moving around a ring.
a figure throws a ball and catches a ball
a person runs their right hand through their hair.
a person raised the left hand and pull it down
a person puts their left arm straight out and moves it to the right, in front, and then to the left
a person swings their right hand upward to the left
the  stick figure is lifting his left arm and doing different motions
the person is  walking down.
swinging legs around and looking around while standing
a person jumps in the air, then abruptly stumbles to his right as if he had been pushed, and finally he regains his balance.
this person jogs forward then stops.
a person is walking randomly
a person is dribbling a ball.
putting hand above head.
the toon is standing still, raising their left arm in front of their chest.
a person raises their arms up and down, above their head,
a person makes pantomime gestures with his hands.
a person is walking forwards, but stumbles and steps back, then carries on forward.
doing a cartwheel then jumping up and down.
a person sitting down, with their hands slightly elevated.
a person with an injured left arm and leg walking with a limp.
taking a deep breath and shaking it off
a person walks forward, then takes a large step clockwise
the upper body slightly turns to the right and back with hands dangling by the side.
a man stretches arms raised side to side and bends forward.
a man walks forward, makes a half-turn to the left, and walks forward again
someone jump high up then in 360
a person raises their hands toward their body repeatedly.
a person is swimming.
the person was walking like a human penguin.
a person is walking in place.
a man walks up steps with his right hand on the railing.
a person stands facing down the path, casually swaying for a moment then proceeds to walk a few steps forward, swinging its arms casually.
figure side steps to the left.
person was moving some thing in front of him.
a person slowly sways right to left before almost falling
person holds hands in front of body level with head and kicks with right foot repeatedly.
person is using a touch screen
the person walks backwards in a straight line
the man looks at his watch.
someone runs erratically back and forth.
a person walks forward up stairs, then comes back down them
a person is hunched over with their hands on their knees, and lifts both their arms out to their sides before places them back down again.
a person moves his hands in a wavy pattern as if mimicking something swimming
a person stands on one leg and grabs the opposite ankle to pull their leg back
person is waving hi with the right hand.
a person walks forward while not bending their left knee.
a person walking forward five steps starting with the left foot and a slight sway of the shoulders as they walk.
a person jogs forward for several seconds.
a person punches upwards with right hand.
a person walking in a direction before turning around and walking in the order before squatting down.
a person suddenly jerk steps to the right.
a person laying face down on the ground and then slowly crawling backwards
a person walks forward and their leg spasms.
a person points forward with their right hand.
a person takes a quick, long step to the right hand side leading with left leg and stands still.
a standing person lifts their right hand and slowly touches their head
a figure raises a weight in front of themself.
a person walks toward the viewer at a normal pace.
person is walking with his arms out like he is balancing.
a person slowly walked forward in right direction
a person steps to the side and then twist their body around in a dance like motion.
while standing in place rotates arms alternately above head and to the left. then swings both arms in unison over back of head to end up with hands in front and opened upwards
a person quickly answers a call with their right hand.
a figure walks carefully one foot in front of the other.
a person kneels down, crawls forward, and turns around
person does a slow side jump left to right
a person puts their hands over their face.
hands moving in a strange circle motion away from body
a person hops then climbs stairs.
a man puts his fists up.
a person jumps up and down several times.
the subject walks forward with the initial step being slightly to their right before straightening out
a person is standing and looks like they are scooping something with left hand. then person walks forward but slightly to the left and then turns and places something on a surface.
a person takes some slow small steps forward.
a person walks forward and upward.
a person threw an item with his right hand while stepping forward with his left foot and returning to his original spot.
a person's feet are pulled forward and their fall over on their back.
the person picks something up with his right hand, pulls something towards him with his left hand, wipes it off, and puts it down in his right hand.
a person takes two steps back while throwing something with right their right hand.
outstretched arms to sides are lowered, raised, bent at the elbows several times, then lowered by sides.
a man is jogging forwards in a straight line.
a person raised the hand and bent it
a person is pushed forward and recovers standing up.
a person lean walks swinging their arms, then raises his hands above his head openly happy.
person walks forwards, stops, turns to the left, swiveling around, then walks back to the start.
a person bends over, picks up a heavy object, and then sets it down in a new spot.
a man turns around and walks forward.
the person was lifting a dumbbell with his left hand
he raises his left hand and throws in an overhead motion without moving his feet, then brings his hands together, raises them, ready to through again.
a figure springs forward and jogs.
a person jumps from side to side left to right.
shaking the hands some thing on the hands.
a person steps back a few steps to squat to sit then. then gets back up again to a full standing position.
a person picks up something and puts it to the side.
a person makes a big jump forward, then a big jump to the left, and then hops on one foot.
someone scrolls from right to left and then stands
the person is doing light hopping up and down.
a person makes a standing hop onto his right foot, hops again onto both feet, hops onto left foot, hops onto both feet, makes a short hop with right foot and then settles left foot on floor.
a person jogs in place, pauses, then runs in place, then finishes by dropping into a squat, arms straight out to the side.
a person opening something and drinking out of it.
a person takes some steps forward, then jumps up and down.
a person doing a spesific moves with legs and hands while doing boxing
moving forward on left  side .
a person moves their left hand in a counterclockwise motion in front of them at chest level
a person steps downstairs while holding on to the rail with his left hand.
a person lifts their left arm and gestures/points across their body halfway to the right.
a person reaches above their head with their right hand, and curls their left arm at their side, and then switches between their left and right arm positions.
someone takes a small hop and then a few steps forward
a person stands with an umbrella; they lower it in front of them and pull the umbrella closed.
a man lifts an object with both hands and then kicks the object with his left foot.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides raises his left hand to mouth level and returns his hand to his side.
a man walks around in a circle.
standing person claps hands then arms go down to their sides.
a person walks backward in a small zig zag
the person is steeping over two objects
a person standing at the top portion of a rectangle jogs to the other side of the rectangle.
the person walks to their right
the person walks forward in a slight diagonal
a man walks forward with his hands swiftly at his side.
a person walks towards the left side, while waving both their arms.
both hands are in front of the face lightly moving back and forth as the feet wiggle.
a person lifts his arms to the side then down and back up
the person is running normally.
a person has his right arm up and drops it.
a person stands still while using their right arm to move from left to right, up and then down, and then out and in.
person turns around and walks
staying still then backing up.
a person walks forward and then turns to their right and walks back to the original space.
a person walks towards and up the stairs.
a person slowly walked forward and returned
a person runs to the left in a semi circle, stops, turns around, and runs back in a semi cirlce.
the man hops 5 times on his right foot.
a person seems to be running forward
a person walks at a slight angle to thier left.
a man stands up, walks clock-wise in a circle, then sits back down.
a person squatting lifting both hands, left and right twice slowly.
a person throws an object with their right hand.
a man jumps high with elbows bent.
a person standing in a square, walks forward in a diagonal pattern.
a man walks from side to side in a counterclockwise circle.
a person shakes shoulders fast.
a man stretches his arms out in front of him and then flaps his arms at his side like a bird.
a person steps backward, jumps up, runs forward, then runs backward.
a hunched individual slowly wobbles forward in a drunken manner.
a person spinning his upper core body, and after shaking right and left legs, by doing circle movement
a red and blue stick figure walks slowly as he turns and waks in a big circle.
a man walks from side to side while holding his right forearm with left hand, and then walks back.
a person walks forward and to the right, then stops.
a man walks forward to turn around and walk back.
a person takes one step to the side, crouches, folds their hands in their lap, and then rises upleft again.
the person is hand mixing dough to bake something
a man walks slowly in a circle, slightly bent with his arms out in front of him.
a standing person performs a cartwheel starting with their right hand
a person stands from sitting position.
the person has its red arm out while twisting its red leg.
a person walks to the right and then turns and walks back to the left.
a person walks forward while feeling for an object to his left
a man stands on one foot and bends the other at the knee repeatedly while holding onto something
a person moves their right hand in front of their body quickly.
a person punching each hand up int the air one after the other
someone limps forward before turning around and sprinting back before their starting point.
person moves right and left leg slowly then quickly moves them in a fast motion
someone is walking and turn left
the person is jumping forward.
someone is facing forward then slowly bends down and jumps 180 degrees.
a person slowly walked forward and jumped
the figure seems to be doing a warm-up routine
a person bent forward is walking backwards.
man lies on ground moves head back and forth starting to the right
a person steps side to side as though dancing, swings their hands over their head multiple times and then claps their hands in front of themselves.
a referee signaling 2 fouls in the game of basketball. (traveling and double-dribble)
the man walked forward 3 steps.
a person coughs with their left hand, than right, stays standing for now.
a person walks in a wide clockwise circle.
a person walks forward and turns around.
person walking on uneven ground.
a person walks forward, raises his left arm in front of him, then lowers his arm and walks backwards.
a person walks forward slowly trying to keep their balance.
person makes motion of washing the body from head to torso.
the man bends to pick something up back ans sides steps to the right and places it back on the floor.
the person is dancing around backwards.
this person steps with right leg then puts both hands on hips.
a person is performing a dance, by alternatingly raising both arms (like a chicken) while putting an alternate foot out in front of them; then hopping to their right and repeating the sequence.
person got down and is crawling across the floor.
this person is dragging something heavy.
a man looks like he is walking forward and is also walking up something like stairs.
a person pours something, sets it down and walks backwards.
a person jogs on the spot at a moderate pace.
the man holds something above his right shoulder and rubs it with his left hand.
person person was walking forward in the straight line
a person runs on the spot.
the man appears to be dancing, in a sort of salsa type of style.
with left arm raised person moves forearm over the head, out front and then back.
a figure brings its heels together, moving in a side to side motion
a man walks forward opens the door then walks backwards to where he started
a person briskly walks forward
subject walks in a full circle, then side steps to turn around and walk around something to avoid running into.
a person runs forward, turns around and runs back.
a person wipes with right hand.
person swings their right arm and then has an injury on the elbow.
the person packs food in the fridge
a person is practicing karate moves across the floor
person runs, then gets on all fours and moves forward, then gets up
a person walks forward along the ground.
a person walks forward with their hands raised above their head,
a person stomps the ground with their left foot.
a person bounces a ball with left hand.
a person waves a friendly hello.
a person walks up a ladder with their left foot.
person is waving hands up.
a person moonwalks in a counter-clockwise hemi-circle
a person on the floor, gets up.
the figure seems to imitate a gorilla or sloth or zombie as they move slowly with arms forward and upwards as the right arm sways downward as if to grasp something as the left arm is lifting upwards to balance out the right.
a person is doing many different hand motions with both his right and left
a person walks around in an "s" line.
the person puts their hands on their lap and then t-poses.
a person bangs something to a table with both hands.
someone crawling forward then getting up and walking back to their original spot
a person bends down to pick something up with their right arm, sets it down with their left arm, and then starts to pour something into it.
a person, standing still, shaking their arms and shoulders slightly.
a person walks back and forth on a diagonal
a person sneaking down the hallway trying not to wake anyone.
a person stumbles backwards then forwards hitting against something.
the person is backing up walking .
a figure bends at the knees, picks up an object with both hands, and stands up while holding the object.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides steps to his left while walking in a counterclockwise circle.
someone brings their hands to their chest and moves their elbows up and down, then shakes their waist while slowly bending their knees, then claps four times, then does it again.
a man picks something up and then turns around and walks before turning around again and picking something up.
feeling well continuing by moving in a joyous mood.
a person spreads with arms straight out, before beinging them back down to their side
the man walked up then started to crow.
the man leaps forward on both feet.
this person jabs with his left hand.
this person stands still then sways to his left.
someone hunched over has their hands up near their chin and moves them around like an animal.
squats down, roll rapidly than sets something on right side.
a person steps to the left and sits down, then stands back up and moves back.
a person who picks up something and puts it down to the left
a person walks over holding object then places it down, stands and looks for a moment and grabs another object
the person was making a gesture with his left hand.
the person rubs his arm, sits up, and then walks away.
a person walks forward, turns around, sits down, stands up and continues walking.
the person is walking then running and jumping.
a kneeling person crawls forward, turns around, crawls back, stands and turns to the left.
a person skips forward then twirls around while moving their arms
standing person walks confidently forward 3 steps, raises left arm to waist height, turns around and returns to original position, raises left arm above their head, then turns around and takes 3 steps forward again.
a person squats down then jumps
a man mimics playing a violin, holding the instrument in his right hand and playing with his left hand.
a person does a hand wave to the rhythm of music.
someone jumps around, takes four steps and turns back
a person is walking in a stumbling motion and puts up one of his hands.
a person tip-toes around while hanging on to a railing.
walks forward with a wide gait. person seems confident and aggressive
a person walks forward, turns around, sits on a chair, and then stands back up.
a person runs forward a few steps
a man is holding his arms up and out to his sides then drops them down, he lifts his right hand and moves it from left to right in front of him then from his head to his waist and forward and back in a cross pattern.
a person while standing still raises his right hand up and down and turns to his right.
the person is doing upper body stretches.
a person takes a step forward
a person is initially walking straight then changed direction in a rounded fashion toward the left.
a person stayed on the place and after crosed arms
the man walks in a counterclockwise circle.
the person sprays a window then wipes the substance off with the other hand.
a person takes a steady step to the right side
a person takes a jump rope and starts jumping rope.
a person steps on stairs and walks down one stair, takes a couple of small steps, turns, and walks up one step.
a person raises their arms wide above their head.
a person walks up and tosses something.
the person is running forward and then turning around and looking around and running back.
person sways left and right then turns to left and walks forward
a person walks backwards in a straight line
the person looks around and moves their body in a swirling snake-like movement.
a person waves with their left hand.
a man walks gradually down a slope whilst gently swaying his arms.
a person walks and steps over something.
a person is standing straight, and bows forward slowly.
a person crawls forward on his hands and knees and then stands up
putting hands on knees and staying still.
someone is walking in place without changing their center of gravity
the person did a kick spin to the left
someone throwing something very hard
a man steps forward and scuffs the ground with his left foot, then steps back to his original position.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back  in the opposite direction.
slight asian bow like in movies
person stands straight with both arms stretched outward, claps their hands five times and returns both hands down to his side
a seated person lowers their right hand from their shoulder, lifts both hands up to shoulder height with elbows bent, and then stands straight up while lifting their arms to the sides.
the person is taking several steps to their right, without crossing legs.
the sim is walking in a circle motion.
a person rotates trunk to left  twice then one time to his right
the figure does a jump about 2 steps forward, without raising hands
person standing and stretching. puts both arms forward then behind their body then to their left side of body. moderate speed of movement.
a person walking upstairs forward
a person crosses his arms in front of his chest
somebody is giving hand gestures.
a person is walking around while crouched
a person walks to his right.
a person gets on all fours and crawls in a diagonal line to the right, stands up, and take several steps along the diagonal line forward.
a person who is just standing in the same spot
a man walks in a s-shape.
a person is repeatedly raising and lowering their forearms.
a man steps back then takes a leap forward, turns around, leaps again, then turns around again and leaps again.
a person wlowly walked forward
the person was running to head of all the cut down on his knees.
a person turns a half circle counter counterclockwise and moves arms in a sweep motion from right to left while crouching down a little bit.
a person is swaying from left to right and then takes one step forward
a man walks straight, then turns around and walks back.
a person walks to the left.
a person takes a big step to the right and down
a man picks up a drink with his right hand, takes a drink, lowers his hand for brief second before taking another drink of the imaginary beverage. this time, the man dri ks the reat of the be erage by tilting his head back all the way.
a figure places its hand over its heart
a man puts his hands on his hips, moves them in front of him as if typing on a keyboard, then places them back on his hips.
a person is spinning around
a person that is shaking their left hand and moving the right near their head
a person leans to his left and stretches his arm.
a person turns around, jogs forward, then turns and starts jogging again.
a person is doing a brisk walk/jog.
a person walks forward, runs into something and bounces backwards, then he takes a step to the right and continues walking forward.
the person is jumping up and down.
a man takes a few steps forward while swinging his arms, then stops.
a person squats down, stretches out right leg, pulls it back in and then stands up.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
the person is warming up their wrists and ankles.
the person is taking a picture of something.
the person is walking forward and a medium speed.
person is a squat position raises both arms out horizontal and holds them
a person walks forward, turns around, sits on a chair, and then stands back up.
a person jogs diagonally to his left and then slows down to a walk.
stand and through some thing on the hands.
a person walks in a curve to their right.
a person ducking under something while running.
running in a circle.
the arms move towards the head in a jabbing motion then make a forward circle with both arms, ending with reaching above the head.
i man walks forward kicks something then raises his hands in celebration and walks in a figure 8 pattern and drops to his knees.
the person is excercising in place and hunch walking.
the man is doing some thing with his right arm
a person walks turning to the right.
the person is doing a casual quick walk.
a man sidesteps right a couple of paces, sidesteps left past where he started by about double the distance, then sidesteps to his original position.
a person moves by taking a step to his right and turns slightly to the left to sit down. he then stands up using his hands to push up to assist him while standing
a person walks diagonally across a room from right to left.
the person is crouching down.
a person lifts a weight with right hand.
the person stands still in a slight squat and then turns to their left and walks.
a person sits cross legged and then stands back up.
a person slowly walks forward.
the foward facing figure starts with its arms spread, it walks forward two steps and bends forward; making a scrubbing motion with its left hand.
the person mr. lifts their arms by bending at the elbow and using the bicep muscle to crawl.
a figure walks to the left then to the right while talking on the phone
person stands still with arms bent forwards, as if gripping some handlebars.
the person was hammering a nail
person uses hand to do a wiping motion, then moves backwards. appears like he's cleaning something
the stick figure person slides to his right while dabbing to the oposite direction.
the person is sad and moping.
a person answers a mobile phone call
the person is doing a very fast dance sequence.
the person twists at the waist to their left, bends both arms at elbows, and then twists forward and pumps fist in air
a person does jumping jacks
a person has both hands on his legs.
the man is walking backwards straight
the sim appears to be sitting down in a chair using their left hand to "answer a phone".
a person walks delicately, bends down and stands up
a person is doing the cha cha dance.
this person is punching with his left arm.
a person backs up a few steps.
a man claps his hands then walks three steps forward and sits down
a person takes two steps back diagonally to sit in a chair, then take three steps forward diagonally standing back in the original position.
a man bends and reaches with his left arm, reaches again with his left arm, and then turns to walk away.
a person kicks his right leg forward and back and then kicks hid left leg forward and back.
this person stands still then sways to his right.
someone is holding something with both hands while rocking back and forth.
a person puts their hands on their hips while looking right then left, then the person steps
a person is walking down and then back up.
the man dances his feet in circles in front of himself.
a man walks in a circle.
a person is drinking from a glass.
person moves backwards and sits down.
the person is walking around.
a person is walking foward.
a person in the process of sitting down
the person kicks a ball with their right foot, their arms raised to a t-pose as they do so.
a person reaches their red arm down and then lifts it up and walks in a circle by while moving all their body parts around.
a person alternatingly jabs and uppercuts both arms.
a person quickly taking three steps down.
a person walks forward lifting kicking feet up behind him.
a man casually saunters down the steps. his left hand on the railing for balance.
a person walks forward then turns left to go back.
a person is standing and then makes a stomping gesture.
someone raises their right arm twice and stops
a person has their hand at their chest and shakes their waist.
a person rubs their hands together.
a person walks slowly forward while holding on to handrails.
a person walks diagonally and raises arms in a t pose and seems to be balancing on a wide beam. then stops and drops arms to side.
a man does 3 jumping jacks, then stops with his hands resting by his sides.
a person is spinning with is arms spread out and then he falls over.
someone walks from right to left
person appears to try to move out of the way of something then puts both arms up and out.
person comes out to the left with arms looking like they are dancing. then starts moving circular to the left and then dances in a complete circle and ends up to the right and walks to the left.
a person walks forward picks an object up, turns around and walks back in the opposite direction  and sets the object down
a person uses their left arm to make a circular cleaning motion in front of them.
a man stands still for several seconds, before taking a slow jerky step forward.
a person is moving around his left hand.
a person walking straight with help from a handrail from the right
a person lowers his arms and then turns his head to the right and left and in a circle.
the person jogs in a straight line moving arms opposite of leg movements.
in a fighting stance, person punches downward with their left hand.
a man stands up whilst raising his hands in turn and pointing with them
a person turns around and pulls something.
a man moves his upper body and then his lower body.
a person walks in a semi circle and begins to climb
a man steps forward and tosses something with his left arm, then brings both hands up protectively in front of his head.
he read a newspaper while squatting.
a person what it seems to perform yoga or a ballet dance moves
a person leaned on the floor and start walking
a man is in a squatting position and moves slightly.
a person is jumping rope and crossing his arms.
someone slowly bows twice, then raises their left hand as if to high-five or wave hello.
a person walks backwards, then turns around then walks backwards again.
a person standing still and moving his left hand.
the person is moving an item
a person holds something in both hands and throws it with left hand.
a person stands on one leg and rotates the other leg.
a person walks in a curved line, stops and then follows their footsteps
a man jogs in a very wide clockwise spiral, moving his arms.
a person throwing a left punch
a man runs forward to the left then walks backwards to the right.
a person walks backwards at a moderate pace.
a person is walking forward and then has a misstep.
a man right steps, then left steps, turns counterclockwise, right steps, then left steps back full circle.
the person turns to the side and starts doing alternating jump lunges then returns to a normal standing position.
a person runs sideways to their left.
a figure lowers their arms then walks forward, using their right arm to support themselves against a wall
the figure appears to be in some sort of distress
the person dodged from being hit.
the person was leaning forward to keeping in a window.
a person in standing position with arms at side, then rubbing both hands together, then dropping arms back side to side.
a person walks forward and slightly to his left at a normal pace.
a person walking in an average spped
a person raises their left hand then switches to raising the right.
a person is startled from behind.
a red and blue stick figure walks straight and makes a turn to his right.
person steps over something reaches down walks around that thing and walks back toward where they started.
the arms are stretched out then lowered back down, the right arm touches left shoulder across the chest, the right hand is placed at top of neck and down chest area then pointed outward and placed back at original position.
a person gets pushed to the right and remains standing
someone is sorting thorough things, and then carrying it somewhere
walking forward while limping.
the toon jogs in place.
a person skips back and forth down a line
a man hitting against a surface and then picking something up
a man hoists his left arm into the air
the person was pushed to the right but did not fall.
a person starts walking, puts both hands sideways while walking and puts hands down and stops walking.
a standing figure repeatedly reaches his head with his left arm, then brings his arm down, pausing and gesturing at about the midway point.
a person walks forward and kicks their leg out while turning around.
someone is working out and lifting something with a hand
a person hops from right to left in a circular motion.
a man standing on a table.
a person urgently motions for somebody to go away with their right hand.
the person is standing with his arms out at his side.
a man brings his arms down to his sides, then lifts them to head height, lowers them, and lifts them back up as he sways slightly.
the man is jumping and hopping on each leg
walks forward a few steps and pauses then continues to walk forward.
a person is waving with his left hand then stops
the person throws something and proceeds to raise their shoulders and hands as if to react to breaking something with the thrown object.
a person swings a golf club
a man walks forward, turns and look towards his right, and then turns around and walks back.
a person holds up both of their hands in front of their face and then leans back to dodge an obstacle.
moving hands in and out.
a person standing up leans forward slightly to the right and begins to sweep back and forth with their left hand above their right, then they lean slightly forwards to the left and sweep back and forth with their right hand above their left.
robot touched his face with left hand.
a person slowly walked backwards,
a person picks something up from a table with their left hand then gently sets in down next to where they picked it up.
a person walks forward, bends at the knees, lifts something with both hands and places it down, then turns 180 degrees and walks away.
a person paces a room nervously.
a man walks forwards and turns right in a semicircle.
a person moves their arms around.
a person slowly walked forward and sat  on somethigna and walked backwards
a person walks forward with a specific type of gate, almost strutting a little.
the person is jogging fast in place.
a person thanking his fans
a person is walking down the stairs.
the person is reaching for something with his right arm.
a person twist their torso from right to left then leans from right to left.
a person walks forward, stops, picks something up and puts it down, turns around, and then walks back to starting position
a person lazily does jumping jacks in place.
a person takes a big step forward
a person gathering to throw a ball.
a person steps forward, picks something up and pours it out before stepping back.
the man is warming up
a person standing with arms wide open while spinning his/her hand in a circular motion while waving it. he/she then moves his elbow in a circular motion and then moving his waist in a circular motion and then kicking with his/her left and right foot.
the person is painting a wall.
person appears to open some thing pick something up and put it near their face or mouth.
a person uses knife to cut object.
the person was lifting dumbbells up and down.
a man moves his hands towards his face then grabs something in front of him.
a person stands and then pretends to play a violin on his right shoulder.
a person forcefully kicks with their right leg and then steps back.
a person comes towards the camera seemingly flipping a coin in their left hand.
a person sitting down turning something.
a person swings their right foot as if kicking a ball and then raises arms as adjusting their pants around their waist.
person puts hands together on left side and then kicks with right leg repeatedly.
a person walking and dancing in a karate or martial arts fashion.
a person throws something upwards with two hands.
a person raises their left and and then their right
a peraon bends down to tie his shoe and then stands back up.
a person jogs back and forth then faces forward
a person is walking in a clockwise motion.
moving arms near face while standing.
the person hit the golf ball in a golf drive.
the person is punching something.
a person grabbed the body and face with left hand
a person is moving their arm around
a person takes something from his left hand and brushes something on his face with his right hand.
the person pick some thing up with both hands.
a person lifts their right arm up, twitches a bit, then brings their left arm up while putting their right arm down.
a man walks forward in an s pattern before stopping.
a person walks in a curve to the right, turns around and walks in a curve to the left.
a person walks clockwise in a circle.
he does a walk run
a person waves with their left hand then makes a big wave with both hands.
person is sitting on chair arm rest then relocating to chair to sit then gets up and runs forward.
a man holds left hand to left side of head and begins panting like he's out of breath.
a man waves his right hand.
a person walking forward slightly to the left
a person sitting on an object  uses his hands to steer something like a steering wheel.
the person is having a discussion.
walking forward with both hands swinging
on hands and feet a person crawls four paces on an angle to the left, turns and crawls back, and then stands up.
a person brings up their right hand from their side to touch their nose, drops their arm back down, and takes two steps backwards.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person imitates biting into something then waves their left hand around randomly.
a man crouching down reaches up with his left hand and then brings it down again
a person jumps up and down while moving his legs in and out and holds his arms up over his head and moves them back in forth to match his legs
a person lifts their hands over their heads and bounces slightly on their toes
a person stretches their arms above their head.
moving the right hand and touch the head and stomach finally moving the both the hand and  stand.
a person checks watch on left wrist.
a person is shaking his right foot, stretching his arms and then he bends down doing a squat.
a man turns around and does a cartwheel to the right and then to the left.
a person carefully walks up four steps.
a person walks forwards casually.
person quickly walks in a  clockwise position with shoulders facing back happy
jumping forward very quickly once.
standing still for awhile then gently moving arms in a forward moving circle.
figure walks upstairs using hand rail.
a person steps sideways to their left.
a person runs and jumps forward
a person turns and walks back slightly to sit on a chair, waits a moment, then gets up and returns to the starting position.
a person is walking up a couple stairs while holding a railing.
a person hops forward four times, then turns around and begins to hop again.
a person jumps in place
the person is jogging in place.
a person walks forwards and turns right
the person takes a short jog in place
a person goes from a standing position to a bended knee while gesturing.
the person runs while dribbling the basketball
a person who is walking forward at a steady pace.
he walks forward than turns backward
a man raises and then lowers his right arm
a person moves their arms in circles in the same direction, but in opposite parts of the motion
using his right hand a person picks up an object examines then places back where it came from
a person stomps his right foot.
someone stands sideways and throws something with their left hand.
a person swings their arms left and right, raises their arms, then pushes them back and forth.
a person walks while spinning their arms at their sides, then turns around and continues.
the man is squatting with his hands on his knees, raises his hand and returns them to his knees.
the person is creepily walking forward.
the person takes 4 steps up and 4 steps back down.
raising arms up and down.
person starts with both arms extended out to body then moves forward one foot in front another same line then stops
a man steps forward onto his knees, using his hands for balance.
a person puts both hands to his thighs.
a figure stretches their biceps and shoulders by crossing one arm over the other
a person sitting down raises its right hand.
a person shakes their right knee.
the person is focused on walkind and pacing around.
user is using left hand and putting it up to face area
a person is joggin in place.
a man swings his right arm back repeatedly.
a man shakes his left hand whilst picking up and pouring somthing with his right hand.
a man waves with his right hand.
person is doing hand circles with arms out
the person slides to their left 3 times, slides to their right 4 times, and slides to their right 2 times, ending at their original position.
the person has hands up like holding something heavy then takes a step backwards
a person raised the right hand and shoed some jesture
walking to the side then the other.
a person does a cartwheel to the left.
a person bounces on their feet.
a person jumping over a puddle
the sim is doing a range of motion exercise from their wrist to their shoulders on both their right & left sides.
a person standing up takes a bow forwards one time.
a person picking something up and feeling it.
a person sweeping the floor
waving hand side to side.
a person stands and jogs in place moving both knees and feet up and down as well as both their left and right hand.
the person does one hop in the video above.
person stood still lifts right arm two times lifting a dumbell
person walks very slowly five steps and then stands still
person turns and looks to the right then walks straight ahead dragging right foot.
a man lifts a weight with his right hand.
the person is walking up the stairs and stood still.
a person getting shade from arm
the person is walking down steps waving his arms.
a person jumps into wide stance with his arms making a v shape and then jumps back into a normal, relaxed stance.
walks in an s formation a few times.
person walks up something towards hit left hand side.
a person sits down on an imaginary object, then stands up.
a person paces frustratingly to their left then right.
person is walking in a small circular pattern
a person briskly walks around and falls then gets up.
a person runs to his left.
the person leans their right arm downward, then turns left as the lean their left arm downward
a person using the right arm to reach for something.
a person walks forward briskly a few steps and then stops.
a figure, facing east turns first to the north performing a gesture woth its left hand thrnturns 180 and makes the same gesture with the right hand before turning 360 degrees
a person holds their arms up then lowers them, then bends their arms at the elbow and moves back and forth
a man jogs in a very wide counterclockwise spiral, moving his arms.
a man jumps in place several times, bending his knees and making rotating circles with his arms as though jumping rope.
a person walks forward, picks something up, then walks back and puts it down.
a person jogs to the right then turns around to jog to the left before turning around one last time.
a person takes one step forward to the left then proceed one step backwards to the right
a person slowly shuffles to the front left in a hunched slightly squatted position.
a man bowing down and doing namaste with respect to all
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes three steps forward.
a person raised their arms above their head then set it back down.
someone stands in a relaxed position while swaying left to right and waves at a stranger with their left hand, then waves at a second person, and finally waves very enthusiastically at someone they know!
a man holds a golf club with both hands.
subject kicks out right leg.
the person is turning right.
the person walked forward reach for something and then walked backwards.
person uses left hand and arm to move to side then front ways then other movements
a person walks to the left side, then runs forward.
a figure walks backward a few steps
the person is picking something up and putting it on something.
a person walks unbalanced as if they are on a tight rope.
pushed to side once.
walking in place and moving side to side.
a person walking quite fast towards the camera, 4 steps total
a person steps downstairs while swaying arms.
a person walks slightly to the side, crouches slightly and pushes before walking back.
a person turns and crouches, as if sitting in a chair, then gets up and walks forward a few steps.
a person does a cartwheel, then another back in the direction they came, then takes a few steps.
a person chops with an axe.
a person walks in a circular route to the left.
a person walks from the upper left hand side of a rectangle to the lower right hand side of the rectangle.
the person is walking around.
a person with its right leg lifted spins around, raises their left hand, then sets it back down.
person is doing abdominal exercise holding medicine ball
walking in a diagonal line then sitting.
a person slides forward & backward in a zigzag motion.
a person sits on an object, then stands up to sit on the ground cross legged before standing up again
a person does a handstand and then stands back straight.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes two steps forward before taking one big step, then one normal step and then stopping.
a walking person suddenly gets staggered to their right, then recovers.
the person walks forward while seeming to balance themselves by placing their hand on something to the left.
a person stands, swaying and stumbling before looking at their left wrist.
person is looking through binoculars at someone.
a standing man takes a seated position with both hands rested on his knees.
a person lifts an object to his mouth with his left hand as he tilts his head back.
a person is dancing in circles and then punching.
hands come together above head with arms fully extended, returning back to hips and feet move slightly inward at the same time the hands meet.
a person uses its hands to make fast movements at chest height and turns left and right.
person starts to hesitantly walk backwards until the they stand still.
a figure walks across the room to the lower left.
person is waving hands in front of him.
a person stands still with his arms as his side, and he rotates his head around while keeping his body motionless.
a person makes tennis motiins left and right.
a person kicks their right leg up twice while hopping between feet, then punches their right arm
a person brings their left arm up and bends their elbow so it is across their stomach.
this person throws using both arms then walks and turns.
a man is standing still then brings his left arm up to touchhis face then brings it back down
the man is closing and opening umbrella
person does a walking handstand and then stands upleft
a man walks foward, turns to the left in a c -shape and  then stops.
a person waves with his right hand.
subject is standing facing ford while flapping wings by its side making a chicken
man dancing to his left turning around to his right with his arms up and moving around to his right then starts dancing to his right turning around to his left with his arms up
person walks forwards and sits down and scratches upper body and then gets up
a person walks forward as their right hand guides them
a figure rubs their torso and right leg.
a mans standing starts moving right arm then left, jumps up and moves legs.
the person hit the bar with his left arm.
the person is doing arm gestures.
person starts to jog in place, turns to their right and runs to the edge, then turns and runs all the way to their left, and repeats this jogging pattern.
a person raises right arm up and at the elbow bends arm up and down twice.
a person walks forward slowly.
the man is using the guitar
with both arms extended, bent at the elbows, and pointed downward towards the hip, a person performs a partial squat-like motion by bending the right knee slightly while leaving the left leg mostly extended.
the person took a large side step to the right.
the person is sanding in place.
a man stands with arms on the side, leans to the left and moves one step to the left.
a person jogs in place.
person walks slowly down some stairs using a railing.
the man turns to the right and takes 5 steps.
a person lifts their red arm twice then squats down
the man steps forward then veers to the left slightly then back to the right.
a person stretching both arms and then moving in odd ways
person trips forwards but regains balance
a man runs forward, in a medium speed.
the person is taking several steps to their left, without crossing legs.
a person raises their arms high above their head.
a person leans and then makes a side stomping motion.
a person lifts an object with both hands, rotates the object clockwise, then puts it back down.
a person walks while dramatically swinging both arms.
moving hands to the side then towards chest.
both hands go to the middle of the chest then do a clapping motion together.
a man with his hands over his head turns left and right, then bends to the side left and right.
the person took one jump down.
the man is doing push recovery stand
the person is jumping rope.
a person stands still and then takes one large step back with their right foot.
a person is walking forward.
a person walks in a complete circle.
a person runs and stops.
a man strides forward up a few stairs.
person stoops down then creeps forward and walks backward to where they started.
a person crosses their arms, then brings their arms back down.
a man walks quickly from the back of the platform to the front, then stops.
knocking on a door, then walking away
a person walks forwards and then backwards without turning and forwards again.
a person readies themselves into a fighting stance, and takes a couple practice kicks.
a person runs to their right, turns and runs back.
a person walks to the right quickly.
person walks forward, slightly to the left
crawl, zigzag, backward, laydown, downhill
a person walks clock wise in a partial circle
the person was feeling something in front of him
a person is moving to the left and right, trying to dodge something
a man puts his right arm out in front of him then brings it back down repeats with left hand then brings right arm out to his right side.
a person looks as though they're getting a shoulder/arm examination from a doctor with the arm bent at the elbow and being rotated about the shoulder.
a person holds their hands out in front of them, and makes short, rapid chopping motions with their right hand,
a man has his arms bent in front of his chest and moves them, before bringing them both up to his head and wriggling them, continuing to keep his hands high as he turns his torso to his left, then back.
person is picking something up then putting it down.
he does a sit down stand up
a person standing up takes a bow forwards one time.
a person is doing a dance.
a person steps back, sits down, stands up and steps forward.
a person moves their arm forward then back while squatting then standing
the person lifts his left leg into the air multiple times.
a person bend on the knee
arms are placed down by the side from being straight out and then the right hand goes out making a random jabbing spots.
a person walks straight forward quickly
the sim appears to be standing an object onto their right side.
a person appears to be giving instruction by showing the location of something with their hands.
a person is kicking their right leg into the air
a person jogs happily in place.
a person stands only on their right leg.
a person is stretching arms out, brings the arms inward in a swimming motion, then brings the hands toward the center body
he moves around then stops
a person is resting and bending over while moving their left hand, then they eventually stand up straight
a person gestures his arm upward several times then bends arms upward.
a figure rapidly spins then moves forward to the left
a person putting both hands up as if he/she were to fight
the sim is walking in a circle, with both arms extended as to be carrying something.
person picking a jar up from off the ground and putting it on a counter
a man walks forward 7 paces while his arms swing.
the person is playing the guitar with his right hand
a person touches their right wrist with their left hand, then lowers their hands back down.
hop turn right 270 degrees in the air
a person walks over a beam
someone cocks their hip to the right and holds out their left hand, palm up, at shoulder level.
person is tying up his right leg.
a person doing 2 steps
person picks up something and looks at it
a person is walking in a zig zag movement from right to left
subject walks forward then turns around to walk the other direction then turns around and walks back to the initial spot and turns the his body to the right.
person moves walks from left to right counterclockwise into centre
a man shouting out for help with both hands, left and right.
person is slightly squatting and does a t-pose
a person struggling to push arms forward and upwards, arms shaking.
he  does the moon walk
a person walks forward, turns 180โฐ to his left to sit, then gets up and returns to his starting position.
a man picks something up with his right arm and the moves to the right and starts mixing something.
a person waves both arms in a back and forth motion.
the person swings both arms, squats, and jumps while turning 45 degrees to his left before landing.
a person is doing a brisk walk/jog.
a person squats several times while lifting dumbbells.
the person is squatting doing a left arm lift.
a person makes circles with their hands
a person moving hand counterclockwise and clockwise.
person is using touch screen
this person reaches left with both hands.
a man walks casually and relaxed in a clockwise circle.
the person was pretending to be a hummingbird.
the person put a cup up to his mouth and took a drink
the person shake hands with his friend
a person doing a casual walk diagonally and turns around clockwise
he slowly walks down the stairs
the person is practing balancing on one leg.
a person kicks, turns back and falls, raises up and claps.
raising arm towards chest while standing.
a person slowly walks clockwise in a circle with their arms stretched out in front of them.
a person walks forward, leans forward and grabs something with their right hand, then moves back to starting position.
a person turns to their right and picks up an object. then in the opposite way from where they were originally facing throws that object.
a person is walking along a rocky path that is uneven.
a person does a barrel roll.
the man is lifting weights with his left arm
a person walks in a counterclockwise direction.
person walks five steps forward, starting with the left foot, and veers slightly to right.
jumping and then kicking foot.
a person taking a step backward in a left diagonal direction.
a person drunkenly moves their hands in sloppy circles in opposite directions in front of them, and then waves their hands side to side.
person has their shoulders moved upwards, and they're moving their legs forwards one leg at a time. finally they move their head in an upwards and downwards motion as if they're a chicken
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes nine leisurely steps forward, turns 180 degrees and faces in the opposite direction.
a person walks with both feet pointed inwards.
person walked forward and picked up the laundry
a person jumping in place.
a man walks forward, turns to his right, and then stops.
a person lowers and walks on all fours to the right.
person jogs, stops to bend over, then continues jogging.
the man bends to pick something up back ans sides steps to the left and places it back on the floor.
a person jumps and spins in the air.
the person is doing an experiment on their legs.
a man walks from side to side while holding his left forearm with right hand, and then walks back.
a person takes one large step to the side and brings their feet back together.
aman takes two steps, leans in and thoroughly washes his hands.
a person jogs in a counterclockwise motion, and upon reaching his original starting point, poceeds to jog in a forward motion.
a person stands waving with their right hand.
a person sidesteps to their left and then back to their right.
the man seems to be thanking people for something.
someone running forward, moving forward
a person catches something and throws it with his left hand.
lightly hopping up and down on the ground.
the person is stretching his arms out wide
a person walks forward, turns to his right and walks.
the person was hitting a baseball.
person is standing and excercising arms.
a person walks carefully in a circle.
a person appears to be raising both his arms with difficulty.
a person who sits down on there knees
a person walks forward using a wide stance, as though avoiding a large object.
a person unzips his pants with his left hand.
a person balancing on their right leg moves their left leg from side to side while keeping that knee bent.
the person walks straight backwards
the person walks up 4 steps. they use the hand rail with their right hand. they stop on a step and stand at rest.
he does a big long jump
a figure walks to diagonal to the left turns around an walks up to the right and then back to quarter to the forward.
a person makes tiny steps in place with their hands over their head.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes a step, raises his arms above his head, takes four more steps with his arms raised above his head and drops his arms to his sides.
it want let me load the video onto my screens
a person picks up a horizontal object from their front left hand side, then places it vertically to their right.
a person is warming up their pectoral muscles
person walks slightly to the right
a person walks backwards with left leg first
a person steps forward then stop to take a step backward before continuing to walk forward
the person standing with their arms out at their side.
a person walks forward and crouches.
a person confidently walks down an aisle while stretching/loosening up their arm.
a person puts one hand forward then they put the other one forward
a person is standing still, then proceeds to clap, then stands still again
a person dances forward then twist and dances back to beginning space.
a man uses his left hand to throw somthing with force.
a man crawls around on the ground.
the person is walking forward very slowly.
a person walks forward a few steps.
a person is walking and stumbles.
a person who is walking backwards
the person walks diagonally towards left side.
a man moves something from one spot to another.
a person walks straight slowly.
a man stretches out his arms in front of him in a swimming motion.
a figure puts two objects together from opposite positions.
this person steps quickly, one time to the left.
a man takes a large step to his left, stopping in a standing position.
the person walks in a straight line and places their left hand to support their weight against something.
a person stands and brushes off the table with their right hand.
a person briskly walks foward swinging their left arm back and forth.
someone spreads their legs slightly and bends their right knee downward three times.
someone trying to sit also balance
a person is seen to be getting up from a laying down position
a person takes a step back
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes five steps forward, then walks up three steps and stops.
person is holding a heavy object on their right shoulder and walking around
person crouches down and begins to fall backwards.
a person stands and then leans to the left.
a man stretches arms raised side to side and bends forward.
a man walks forward and then bends down twice before walking again.
a man holding his partner dances in a counter counterclockwise direction while facing forward.
a person walks forward in an "s" shape with a fast pace.
takes one side step to the right.
a person repeatedly blocks their face with their left arm.
a person stepping backwards and then pushing against a wall behind them before stepping forward.
a person hinges their right forearm upward.
a person walks around, looking scared.
person walks forward one step then turns around and walks over steps up then steps down
a person throws a punch with their left hand then with their right hand.
a person walks briskly forward, swinging arms to his side.
a stick figure walks quickly from the right side to the left side.
a man holds something still at knee height with his left hand as his right hand makes brushing motions, before lifting it with his left hand and walking to his right.
a person takes one giant jump to the right.
a person crouches with legs cross and stands back up
a person gets into the push-up position with an angled back and thrusts their hips
a man jogs forward a few steps, walks back to his spot and squats down.
walking in a sideways pattern.
a person starts duckwalking and walks backwards.
the person is squatting and raises its arms out sideways.
person bends to pick up something approximately knee high on left side with left hand. he rotates to the right and takes that object and rubs it against something before returning it.
jumping up and down once.
a person sways to the right.
a person picks something up with their hands and puts it on back to support it, then walking in a counterclockwise circle.
a person picks up something heavy and sets it to the left, then picks up another.
a person who seems to clean a surface and then throw the dirt
a person standing up and greeting someone with a respectful hand to forehead gesture.
the person move something from left to right.
a person takes four strides forward and then stops.
a person stretches with their arms up and twists their body to the right and then the left.
a person moved in right direction
a person walking holding a rail.
a person stretches their arms forward and to the side.
a person spreads their legs, goes into a squat and jumps twice.
the person is running forward and then turning around and looking around and running back.
a person walks in a 's' shape with their hands in front of their face.
a person is hunched over with their hands on their knees, and lifts both their arms out to their sides before places them back down again.
a person steps back and forth while switching what leg is in front and what arm is at their head.
the person first gestures toward the view with one hand, then brings their hands together and makes a rowing or beckoning gesture. then the person bends over for a second before standing back up and raising their hands above their head indicating a diving gesture.
a man mimics playing a violin, holding the instrument in his left hand and playing with his right hand.
a person side steps to the right and then to the left
the person is walking upstairs.
standing person walks in a counterclockwise circle, then stops.
a person appears to lift something but hurts arm and holds it.
a person bends legs and lifts dumbells.
a person is jogging in place.
a person is bending forward with their arms down, then they stand up and rotate right and put down a large object.
a person steps forward slightly then leans back to sit down.
a person doing an elephant impression
a person crosses their arms
a person walks forward, pivots on their right foot, and walks back.
moving arm side to side.
walking forward puts red leg quickly behind then back and walking forward then half way turns to turn aorund
a person forcefully kicks with their left leg and then steps back.
a person jumps with both arms raised twice
a person walks around in a circle.
a man does a box step waltz backwards.
the person is doing upper body stretches.
a person is walking forward.
a figure walks and spins on their heel.
a person slowly walks forward a few steps, ending in a standing position.
a person finishes a somersault, then stands and walks in a counter clockwise circle.
the left hand hooks upward.
a man alternates reaching right and left at hip level.
the person is walking forward then backward turns and walks back to the side.
a person rolls his left ankle while walking
the person is drinking something.
a person kneels down, crawls forward, and turns around
a person quickly walks forward.
happily waved hand above head.
a person performs a full, frontward arm circle exercise with his right arm and then full, backward arm circles with both arms.
a man slowly walks forward.
a person steps forward with his right foot and then kicks out with his left foot.
a man lifts a weight over his head.
a person jogs forwards from the right to the left.
a person walks backwards slowly.
someone is walking slowly to the left and then taking a bow, and then walking back, and taking a larger bow
a person limping with an apparent left ankle injury.
a person slowly walks a few paces in front of them and then turns and walks back.
a person crouches on their left leg.
a person drop kicks a hackie sack ball.
the person is walking backwards pulling something.
a person walks forward in a straight line that is slightly leaning to the right.
a person jogs on the spot
the person is standing relaxed, walks forward then turns around on their right foot, and walks back to their original position.
the person is waving at someone with the right hand.
a person looks through binoculars or a camera.
a man picks something up with his rightt hand and puts it down on his right s
a person raises their left hand and points forward.
person walks backwards in a straight line.
the person makes a left turn.
a person jumps up one time.
the person takes a step forward, while their arms are raised outward and at the height of their shoulders, and then quickly pulses their arms.
a person walks on to something, leans forwards and walks off the object.
someone is walking down towards the right-hand side of video in a confident manner.
a person is bent over letting arms hang free and loose occasionally raising right arm in the air as if pretending to be an elephant.
a person sways gently left then right, takes a turn counterclockwise, then takes a few short steps.
the person took a diagonal step forward and then just stood still.
person is hunched over creeping diagonally down.
a person stands with arms out to the side, drops them, then claps her hands and starts walking forward; after 4 steps she sits in a chair with her hands together.
a person dancing to old school music
the sim is standing with both arms & hands folded in front of their jaw moving from left to right.
the man is moving his right leg
this person is jogging in place.
this person lifts both arms and strums to the left.
a man slowly limps forward while dragging his left leg with both of his hands on his knee.
person is making hand gestures
a person lifts a weight with both hands in front of body.
the person is pointing towards someone.
the person is turning around looking at something
a person kicks someone or something in front of them.
a man gestures with his right hand to himself.
man walk straight forward, body shifted to the left just a little and walk straight forward turn around then straight walk.
a person hunches forward, both arms are curled back, then moves upper body side to side.
figure walks forward and turns a quarter turn right to face an obstacle, turns rightward and throws right leg up and across an obstacle and hops over, walks forward, then turns right and then right again to step up onto another level.
the man does a basketball shoot
the figure curls its arms outwards from its chest, it lowers its arms in the motion towards its groin and then raises them upwards at head level.
the man reaches his right arm down and he bends over to pick something up.
walking in a circular motion.
a person is walking down stairs.
a person walking in an clockwise circular pattern
a person shakes with his right arm up, then puts it down and shakes with his left arm up
a person kneels down placing their right knee and right hand simultaneously on the ground, then their left knee and finally their left hand.
person walks forward with irregular step height, turns right, walks straight forward normal, turns right, and steps up onto something before continuing to walk forward.
moving arms up and down.
a person checks the watch on their left arm.
a person squats down and then jumps to the front of them.
person is flexing their arm muscles
a person breakdances while kicking feet and then flips backwards while spinning on their hands, landing on their feet
a man walks forward with his arms down stiffly at his sides.
a person walks backwards slowly
the man warms himself by rubbing his hands together.
a seated person shifts their feet around, then pats or scratches their shoulder.
a person is sitting in place for a while before raising their arms.
a person lays down on their side and then stands up and kicks out their red foot.
a person throws something with his right hand, then does a stop motion with his left hand.
he had a accident damage right leg
a person runs straight forward.
someone is laterally raising both their arms while slightly bending their knees, brings their arms back to their original position, and then raises them laterally once more.
the man is walking forwards and then backwards and then sideways to complete a circle.
a person crosses and uncrosses hands while swiveling legs and torso.
a person is standing with left and right hands in the air where head is located and it running them back and forth like they are running fingers through hair.
a person dances and twists feet on the spot.
a man takes two steps forward, then pivots on his left foot 180 degrees and takes 2 more steps forward
a person walks in an s pattern from the left side of the room to the right aide of the room.
person is walking back and forth.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms merrily
a person stands still while using their left arm to move from right to left, up and then down, and then out and in.
a man with a wide stance brings his arms down to his sides and turns to his right, keeping his hands on his hips.
a person takes a couple steps forward with good posture and then stops
a person is hanging their head and arm in shame.
a person does a drumming movement with both hands.
a man jumps on the spot three times.
the sim appears to be cleaning an object like a car.
a man steps forward and tosses something with his right arm, then brings both hands up protectively in front of his head.
a person walks forward, then swings their right leg around as they turn around and walk back to their original position.
a person steps into the shallow end of a pool.
a person walks up stairs with their left hand on something.
a person walks forward and then steps in place.
a person moves by taking a step to his left and turns slightly to the right to sit down. he then stands up using his hands to push up to assist him while standing
a person leans forward with both hands together, then extends their left arm, then reverses and repeats the same motion.
a person walks left in a zigzag pattern appearing to be drunk.
a person walks at a 45 degree angle to the right.
a person looks left to right repeatedly with their arms out to the sides of them
a person stayed on the place and after kicked with left leg
the person is walking forward with their arms at their side.
the person is pacing back-and-forth
the man is doing starjumps
a person takes 2 steps forward, turns around to the left and takes 2 steps back
a man's arms are outstretched at shoulder-width, and begins bending his elbows like he's flexing. then his arms go back out straight again at shoulder level.
a person walks a path that bends to the right.
the man is running and scrambling
the person is drinking a tall glass of water.
a person bows very slowly.
the man peels something in his left hand stooped over then stands, puts it in his left and and backs up.
the man walks to the left
the person is posing for a photograph.
a person holds themselves like they are cold.
a person holds both of their hands together, then raises their left hand up to their face.
a person walks backwards and sat on something and later tries to get up.
a person is doing the salsa dance.
a person throws punches from a crouched position.
a person throws six punches with their right hand.
a person walks in a circle
a person turns to the right whilst walking and then stops
a man running, and coming to complete stop.
a person, while standing, rubs their stomach with their left arm.
a person holds something with both hands before winding up and throwing it with their left hand
a person appears to be walking on a single line with one foot in front of the other
the  stick figure is lifting his right arm and doing different motions
the person is squatted down as if it is working on something with it's hands.
moving hands towards face.
the person walk forward then turn around and walk the other way.
this person stands then bounces up and down.
moving hands down near legs.
a person does a small jump
person scrapes his left leg back in pain in an anti clockwise circle
a man stands still before taking a step back.
a person jogs in place, slowly at first, then increases speed. they then back up and squat down.
a person moves their elbows back and forth, moves forward, picks an object up off the ground, walks right, and reaches their right arm out.
a person jumps up and spins around almost 360 degrees.
a persons squats up and down with their hands out in front of them.
a figure walks confidently forward then raises their hand as if to access a door nob
a person balances on his left foot while kicking with his right foot to keep his balance.
a person lowers his arms up and down while in a squatting position
a person walks diagonal in a forward motion then turns on left foot to face backward then stops.
a person swings their left foot as if kicking a ball and then raises arms as adjusting their pants around their waist.
a person walks straight ahead.
a person waiving quickly by shaking hand side to side.
user is pointing with left hand in multiple directions
kirsten said down and cross both legs in a squat.
the figure is continously walking while his arms are swinging in rhythm with the opposite leg
someone is trying to keep themselves from falling over by having their right arm rest on a raised platform or ledge.
a man walks up a round curve a stairs.
the figure places an object from left to the right.
a person waves with their right arm over and over and then raises both their arms up and down
someone is doing jumping jacks
a person holds both hands together over their left shoulder, then brings them both down.
the person was walking like a human penguin.
a person raises their left hand above their head, then sets it back down.
a person walks down a ramp with the blue leg in front of another. the red leg bends and the person leans towards the right while walking down the ramp
a person trips over something on his right leg and stumbles forward.
this person jumps up and down on his right leg.
a person raises his hands to his face to provide comfort from toothache pain.
a person stands up from a sitting position, makes an overhand throw motion, and underhand throw motion, then a basketball shot motion.
person appears to pick up a cup and drink.
a man gets down on his hands and knees.
a person takes a step forward, then has both arms covering his head
a young girl grasp the pencil in her left hand to write a sentence to her techer she got angry when she couldnt think of  what to write.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person does a chicken dance on the spot and claps hands together.
a man movea his left hand as if to wipe down a tabletop.
the person is bent down pulling at something, pulls it up to his left side, wiggles left arm a bit then places it back down.
person turns around so their back is facing the front. they then walk forward for a moment before sliding to the left.
a person runs in a circle twice clockwise.
a person is standing and uses their left arm to punch upwards.
a per son crossing their arms and then uncrossing them.
this person swings arms out to his sides then forward.
a person walks straight forward very slowly.
a person crosses his left arm over his right arm, holds pose for a second and then places arms back at sides.
person walks five steps forward, starting with the right foot, and veers slightly to left.
a person walks slightly right and walks forward.
a person marches forward, turns around and begins to march forward again.
a person cautiously walks backwards.
a person doing a punching motion
someone kneels down and grabs an object with their left hand.
a person flexes their right arm with their left arm bent inward.
a person taking strafing steps to their left
a person brings their right hand to their head and then lowers it.
stick figure stands still before walking forward in a diagonal direction
a person moves around side stepping and kicking.
a person turns around and does jumping jacks.
a person walks down stairs holding on to the railing.
a person waves his left hand in the air. he then waves his right hand in the air.
the person turned around very quickly.
a person is in a seated position, raising their arms to to their sides so they are parallel to their shoulders.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle at a normal pace.
a person steps forward, moves something diagonally back from right to left, then steps back.
the person walk forward then turn around and walk the other way.
a squatting person holds their left arm out.
a person, using both arms, directs people forward.
a person holds their arms out in front of them and performs a squatting motion.
someone moving hand forward while standing
person walks on hands and knees then stands up.
a person walks forward 6 steps, turns around to face the direction they came from, sites and the gets up and walks back to starting point.
person is walking forward.
a person waves both hands.
walking forward and bending down.
a person picks up two objects then steps forward
a person bends down towards the ground, bends knees, and rolls forward performing a summersault.
a person pretends to be an animal, possibly a furry.
a man quickly takes one step back.
a person gets down on their hands and knees.
the person walks forward towards the  right three steps bends their shoulders downward and walks three more steps forward towards the right.
a person walking in a relaxed way.
a person who is standing with this hands by his sides slowly and gently steps forward.
the person is waving with his left arm.
person is looking around slowly.
a person runs in a line.
this person walks quickly forward.
the person puts his hands by their mouth and turns head from left to right and then drops his hands to get on one knee and then begins to tie his right shoe.
a person throws a right hook
a person who is jumping around with one leg but alternating the legs every jump
the person was doing a tough guy walk.
a person drunkenly moves their hands in sloppy circles in opposite directions in front of them, and then waves their hands side to side.
a person is brushing their hand across their face, adjusting the angle by moving their elbow up and down, and when finished, they step back and drop their left arm to their side.
a person walks down stairs quickly.
someone takes steps forward in a unsteady line and then continues to move legs as their shoulders also move.
a person standing forward doing leg kicks.
a person walks up stairs with their right hand on something.
a person puts their hands on their hips and then circles their hips around clockwise.
a person gingerly walks forward.
a person lifts both his hands sideways while squating.
a person slowly walked forward and sat on something
the motion seems similar to an axel twist in ice skating
the person walk forward four steps and stop.
moving the hands and work some thing.
a person runs, hesitates, then runs again.
the person is walking straight and turning left.
a person shaked the hand and moved a little bit
a person walks forward in a near straight line
person walks forwards slowly and normally without swinging arms
person walks forward at normal speed
a figure walks slowly and hazily in a circle, stepping backwards at some point
a person start out leaning with weight on right foot then straightens up to a standing position, still balancing weight on his right foot while his left foot is raised.
person looks behind them and sits in a seating position raising legs
a man confused scratches his head and then shakes a bottle and then gargles and then upset again
a person walks diagonally to the right, climbs a ladder then climbs down
the person is working forward.
a person waves their hands out in front of them.
a man sidesteps to the right then turns around and walks normally in the opposite direction.
person makes oval with arms and chest and kicks with right leg.
a person bows slighly once.
a person walks straight/forward, then suddenly gets kicked on their right side which pushes them towards the left side, but successfully recovered, and continued their original path.
a standing person raises their hands in front of their face.
a person is acting like a monkey.
a person is boxing, jabbing mostly with his left hand.
a person is standing up straight, with their arms stretched out. they then bring both hands toward their face simultainiously.
a person staggers around a little while gesturing with both hands.
a person throws a left punch to someone's gut
a person raises their hands to chest level and moves their hands in a forward rowing position as if they were a cat pawing at a toy.
a person holds their right hand up at someone.
a man slowly walks forward while stretching out his legs sideways.
a person who is standing and holding up his hands in a fighting position, drops his hands, puts his hands on his hips, then raises his hands, rolls them and signals to listen to him as he walks to his right.
the man reaches his left hand into the air then shrugs and digs a hole and shrugs again.
person is backing up.
a person is walking down stairs.
both hands go to the head and then back down to the sides of the body.
a person is standing, then bends forward repeatedly, then takes a step back and to the right.
a person who seems to be rubbing his/her torso
a man walks forward using his right leg, then left leg, and so on.
a person runs diagonally across a room with their arms swinging hands down.
a person transitions from an open pose to a closed off pose
forward person walk forward and turn to the left and then walked back the other direction.
the person with his shoulders down and is looking from right to left
walk forward and backwards dancing
person starts a run jumps and spins around then lands on left foot and comes to a standing postion.
the person is waving with their right hand.
a person is in a fighting stance, ducks and then swings out with his right arm.
the person picks an object from waist high and puts it in his arms
the man begins standing still. he lifts and kicks his right leg and opposite arm than switches back and forth three times. he than goes back to his beginning position.
the guy was walking forward like a sexy lady.
a person walks backwards, pushes forward, and then walks forward.
a person dancing around a room
a person takes side steps to the left, then to the right, then back to the starting position.
a person runs quickly on a diagonal from the left side to the right side
the person is sneaking up on someone like a cat.
a person starts dancing in an eratic fashion.
person reaches arms out then takes left arm and points outwards
the person is wiping his leg
a person walks in a tight counterclockwise circle.
person extends left arm with an angle between elbow and throws left wrist in position forward
person walking slow from side to side with wide spread legs and arms
the person is squatting down to pose.
the person is walking forward and then back the other direction.
a person raised both hands and lift something
a man walks forward and then sits down.
a person is standing on their one leg with arm down while maintaining balance with the opposite leg and arm, kicking twice in the air.
with their right arm up at a weird angle as if they are holding something, a person walks towards the screen.
a person casually walks forward.
the person picks up the bottle of shampoo to wash the dog
this person zig zags forward then stops to the left.
a person spins quickly and takes off running.
a person does a jumping jack in place.
a person brings their right hand to their mouth and they hunch forward, then they stand back up and drop their hand.
a person gestures picking something up then putting it down.
a person waves with right arm, then left arm
a person walking forward, avoiding obstacles on the floor.
a standing person extends both hands up, above their head and jumps three times.
pushed to side once.
a person kneeling on the ground gets up.
a person runs forward and falls to the ground.
a man walks from side to side while holding his right forearm with left hand and then walks back
the man is dancing around.
shaking legs side to side.
a person walks slowly while steadying himself with his right hand on something (table).
a person reaches forward and holds something, steps back, then with their left hand the pass something forward.
a person runs forward and then turns left
a person runs quickly in a figure eight to the left.
a man stands completely still.
he does a  wash back
the man throws something with his hand.
a person is dancing with a partner with their right arm extended.
a person squats down, bending at the knees and extending their arms.
a person jumps to their left, ducks, then jumps to the left, avoiding objects.
the person waves with their right hand then puts their arms outward then upward
a person is bendind their knees moving up and down with arms strechted forward
this person walks up stairs.
a man stands with his arms outstretched at shoulder level, then lowers them and brings them in front of his body, then drops them to his sides.
a person takes a couple steps forward, pauses, turns and jogs to the left, then jogs to the right, then jogs back to where he started
a person hops to the left, then to the right, then left, then right again.
a person is repeatedly raising and lowering their forearms.
a figure walks upstairs without a handrail.
a person is walking carefully and making u turn.
a person catches an object with both hands and runs forward slightly to his left.
someone leans over, picks up and object and waves it around before placing it back down.
a person stands on their hands and performs a split.
a person stands on their tiptoes and shakes
a person doing hand gestures, also dancing.
figure uses hands to play imaginary violin beauitfully
a person side-steps to the right, then to the left, then back to center.
a man walks to the left and then stops.
a person picks an object from his left side and puts it behind him and then repeats the motion once again.
a person pivots to the left twice with his right foot planted.
person bends down and looks around whilst walking in a clockwise circle
stretching out and sticking arms out one at a time
a person walks up to fix something and then walks back.
a person wlowly walked by making the circle
the figure is walking in a counter clockwise motion slowly.
a person lifts both arms up over his head and then stretches to the right and left
a person pours with right hand.
man walks slowly forward with arms raised above his head.
a man walks to the opposite end of the room slowly.
person balancing on a board.
a person begins to wave his left hand as if he was waving to the crowd and then stops.
the person walk to the left and sat down.
a person stands hips slouched, then turns on an angle, counterclockwise, then turns again counterclockwise.
a person is screwing something into place.
the person is getting ready to serve a tennis ball.
a person spins in a circle, bends down, picks something up, then walks forward
a person fastly moved in left direction while the hads was raised
person curls both hands in front of them, bending at the elbow.
a man walks in an uneven line in a tentative motion, with his back hunched and his arms drooping towards his side.
a person bends down and motion the left hand in circles.
the person is walking around in a circle.
the man steps forward and moves something on a table then steps back.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person appears to throw something with his left hand then starts to move backwards
a person walks forward, then turns to the left.
a person raised the hands and pull it down
someone sits into a full squat, with arms on knees.
a person walks in a circular path and waves once with their right hand, takes a few steps and then waves with their left hand and continues walking.
a person raised both their arms and started to clap.
a man sits and eats with his right hand.
a man slowly leans to the left, putting his weight on his leftmost foot, then lifts his right arm above his head.
a person slowly walked backards and returned
a man is standing in one spot jumping up and down.
a person gets down on all fours, then crawls across a room in that same position.
a person is pushed from the right and continues walking.
a person walks a few steps forward, turns around, maintains a squat position, and starts clapping.
a man sits down on the ground.
a man bends over at he holds something in his right hand and brushes its top and bottom with his left hand, before setting it down and sidestepping to his left.
raising arms towards face.
a person slowly saunters, keeping their balance by repeatedly placing their right hand upon a surface.
a person uses a run up to throw something
a man stands with his hands together near his midsection, looks to one side, then bends over, pushing with his arms before standing back up.
a man slowly walks forward and then stops.
a person taps their left foot quickly and twitches their hands while sitting.
a man stirs something with his left hand.
someone seems to want to fight or seek a fight
a man walks the path of a figure 8, moderately fast.
a person makes several gestures near their face, then moves their arms around while twisting their torso.
a person raises their right hand to their mouth.
a person walks forward, leans over an object, then stands back up and walks backward.
a person jumps in the air once.
a person cautiously walks in an arc
a person who waved with there right arm
the person is throwing something.
the sim is standing in place doing jumping jacks.
person kneels down using stool and left hand
a oersin grabbed something with left hand, and did something with right hand
a person is bent over, holding their left knee, and trying to stretch it out.
a person is walking backwards.
a person took four steps forward.
a person slowly jogs to the right to left and the jogs back into place
a person lowers his arms and then turns his head to the left and right and in a circle.
a person on the ground stands up.
a person steps forward with left leg walking in a circle counterclockwise motion swinging arms and returns to their original standing point
a person who is standing takes ten steps forward without bending his knees.
a person acts like they are playing catch with a football.
a man with his left arm up looks around, sticks both arms out, and bends over, seeming to represent a teapot.
person raises both arms in a position as if to block something coming their way.
rubbing belly while standing in place.
a shorter figure jumps and high fives someone taller than him out of excitement
a stick figure is seen standing in place with his arms up, bending inwards.
a man walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person bends over and touches the ground with their left hand.
the figure takes a step backward with hands braced to boost the figure up into the seat that they move themselves up into the seat stepping with their right foot up and hands guiding behind them before sitting down and then getting back up.
person sits down with legs bent with knees up and does a couple rowing motion with arms before standing back up
the man gets on his hands and knees and crawls forward.
a person kicks their foot around in front of them and to the side
a person turns around and walks forward picking things up from the ground then turns around at their destination.
a person stretching out by lunging to their left
the person is trying to dodge someone.
bending down and moving hands.
a man takes his right arm and raises it up toward his head and then out to the right
the person is sweeping the floor.
a person who is standing with this hands by his sides slowly and gently steps forward.
a person stands still for a moment, and then staggers forward.
a man walks up and down from either stairs, rocks, or some unlevel terrain requiring a step.
a person hops forward then moves backwards before moving forward again and does two right and two left jabs
a person is sitting and making small movements with their arms and legs.
figure moves hands the times in midsection of figure,
a person makes a toast, then raises a glass to take a drink and wipes his lips with a napkin.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides bends his knees and jumps in place, twice.
a person strides swiftly in a straight line
walking forwards and then stopping.
he walks while holding onto a handrail.
stick figure swimmming and dog pedaling
a person is hanging their head and arm in shame.
a person poses in a fancy pose.
a figure boxes right to punch twice.
this person is seated as if playing the drums.
the person steps over something then turns around.
a person stands still with their legs slightly bent.
a person pulls with their right hand as their tugging to the left.
this person lifts both arms and strums to the right.
a person walks backwards a few steps
a person jumps and spins in the air.
a person sets something down behind them with two hands and then sets another thing behind them with one hand.
a person begins walking forward first with their left foot, taking wide awkward steps as if they are stepping around or over something; begins walking towards the right and then slowly continues to walk to the left, then continues to walk towards the right coming to a stop off to the right side.
a person swing the right hand
a man jumps from side to side with his hands to his torso.
the person is standing in place.
a person person trips forward.
a person turns to the right, walks forward, steps back and picks something up off the ground.
a person is putting both hands to his face.
a person runs backwards in a diagonal pattern.
the man runs very fast
a person walks upstairs and then back down
individual has arm bent out to the side parallel to the ground, bent at the elbow with the forearm up. individual moves arms up then back to starting position three times.
a person is jumping up and cheering
someone walks forward, turns to their left, and walks back.
a person does a jumping jack.
the person was pretending to be a dog.
he jumps very high in the sky
a person acts like they are walking up stairs.
a person folds their arms in front of them, then lowers them to the sides.
a person walks forward, then turns to the right, then continues to walk forward.
person walks forward dragging leg behind in pain  before turning and doing the same
he does a wipe back circle
a person stands with legs wide apart., slightly bent at the knees and both arms are bent at the elbows and hands are relaxed.
a person takes two steps, first with their left foot and then their right.
a person crosses both right and left arms in front of their chest.
a person walks a loop counterclockwise with his arms out in front of him.
knocking on a door, then walking away
a person opening something and drinking out of it.
a person is running in place.
a person seems to be dancing of sorts with someone else
a man bends down and picks something up witn his right hand.
a person bear crawls across and back in the space
the person punches the air and jumps.
swinging legs around and looking around while standing
a person slowly walked forward
person stretches both arms up and then put arms down.
a person who has his knees bent and his hands on his thighs raises his hands chest high and then returns them to his thighs.
starting with their left foot, a person walks in a circle from the bottom right.
a figure skips happily in a circle
the man looks at his phone then giggles.
a person reaches out to hold a rail with their ride hand and then ascends steps.
a person takes a step backwards and then walks in a square taking large steps.
walking backwards and then sitting.
a person does a throwing motion with their left arm.
a person walks backwards in a clockwise curve.
this person walks carefully in a circle.
a person walks up towards the right.
he walks or saunters forward.
a person who is sitting, stands up and throws two objects.
a person doing a shoulder stretch.
the man raises his hands to block his face.
a person looks in different directions waiting for something.
a person slowly walks forward.
person falls forward one step
a person walks and half spins to his left and walks back
a man walks with arms switching from side to side.
this person is jumping around acting like a monkey.
a person stands with their right hand down while keeping their left hand out, then brings their right arm out.
a person is showing dancing moves
person walks forward with hands straight up in the air
a man walks forward then left.
a person lifting an object and displaying it vertically, before setting it back down horizontally.
a person walks forward, stoops then stands and steps backwards.
a person dances while keeping his feet on the ground then steps forward.
the person takes a short jog then stretches their arms
a person raises his hands above his head and walks forward
man stands up bend body forward, bend body backward and position bend body back in a  straight upward position repeats the same maneuver again.
a man is catching an object and throwing it back several times.
a person claps their hands in front of them.
a person is stretching his right leg behind him and then starts performing running in one place while spinning clockwise.
a man runs forward to the right then walks backwards to the left.
a figure throws a frisbee or discuss
walking forward and then stopping.
a person stands up to a prone position.
a person sliding backwards to sit down then gets up and slides back to original spot.
person is sprinting to their right
a person walks down several steps, while using their left hand along a handrail.
a person seems to be sitting in bleachers as they seem to step down then sit.
running in a diagonal line.
a person brings their right hand to their face.
a person performs the yoga positions known as vrikshasana and trikonasana.
a man lowers his arm arms and walks forward while using his left hand to touch the top of a wall
the person is kneeling down on all fours to begin to crawl
the sim is sitting down, appears to be either eating or drinking using their right hand.
the person has both arms up, but he is only using the right hand.
person is tying up his left leg.
a person standing up with their knees outwards slightly lifts both of their arms two times outwards.
a person walks up four steps while holding onto the railing with their right hand.
a person brings their arms together, then lifts their right arm and performs a throwing motion with it, like they're throwing a football.
this person appears to play tennis.
a figure walks forward confidently
user takes a couple steps forwards then precedes to turn around pivoting on right foot
a person walks backwards then walks forward to the left and then turns around and walks forwards.
a person is sitting in a chair eating a burger.
woman model walk in curved line
a person bends over and starts to move things around on the ground.
a person walks forward and slightly to his right at a normal pace.
a person who is driving a heavy duty vehicle.
as a person walks forward, a squiggly line forms in between the legs on the floor.
person is walking backwards.
the person is holding his face because he has a toothache.
a person steps forward, then leans while touching their chest with their left hand, and rests their right hand on their leg.
a figure stretches by twisting from side to side with arms outstretched then rolls their arms as well
a person begins walking forward, trips, then turns around, continues walking, and trips again.
a person climbing steps wobbling up and then back down the steps.
a person is on his knees and stands up using his right hand as support on the floor
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle.
a person bend forward slightly with both elbows up to shoulder level but having forearm dropping down, and keeps walking steadily till reaching the end of the rectangular area.
a person is shovelling to his left and then picks up an object from his right and puts it to the place that was shovelled.
a person staggers back and to the left and back in a zigzag pattern.
a sitting person uses their hands to help them stand up, turn around, then sit back down.
a person performs martials arts with their right arm blocking 4 times at a high level, one time at a mid level, and one time at a lower level.
a person places something up high with his left hand, turns around to the left and takes a few steps away, then turns around to the right, walks back to where they started and picks something up from the ground with their left hand.
person is kicking an athletic ball
someone takes four steps back, starting with their right foot, pauses to concentrate on next action, then long jumps forward, landing on both feet.
a sitting person raises their left hand to their head.
someone used his right hand to illustrate a hand to mouth motion, while in a squatting position.
a person climbing and then hanging
someone jumps around, takes four steps and turns back
the person was walking to turn right.
person is likely lifting dumb bells.
a person bends over and touches something with his left hand.
a person makes first a left handed overhand throw from a seated position, then a left handed side arm throw from a seated position, then stands and makes another overhand left hand throw.
person is rotating and exercising their torso
a person move its right arm and the throws something with its left arm
a man raises its right arm.
a person is holding something in his or her hand, turns it upward, he looks down at it and puts his hand down
a person walks up four stairs, turns around, and then walks back down the four stairs.
a person walks and touches something with his left hand.
a person walks quickly forward, moving at a slight angle to the right
a person takes a stumbling step forward, turns around and takes another stumbling step forward, then turns around once more.
a man stands on the ground and squats with his arms stretched  foward.
person leans to the left falls forward and staggers right
person walks slowly forward before coming to a stop
a man steps forward and then immediately backwards while raising and lowering his right hand.  he slides to his right and turns 90 degrees counterclockwise.  he lowers to a squat position while moving his hands in and out from his body. finally he rises to a standing position
a person jumps up and down while moving hands up and down.
person makes action of stuffing something into an object, bends over to put the object down before walking forward to bend over and pick up another object and place it a little bit to the left and then returns to original spot.
a person walks to their right, then lies down, then stands up.
a person raises both arms to the side into a "t-pose" and walks forward.
a man leans over and reaches his left hand down near his left foot to pick an object up, then stands up and steps forward with his left foot to rub his left hand on an object.
a person, in a fighting pose, backs up, then punches while moving forward, before backing up and kicking.
a person gets down and crawls around the floor.a
the person bends their left arm as if they are trying to check something on their waist.
a person swings its right arm upwards.
a person has his arms bent, and he brings them together in front of his chest, before he rears back and tosses something with his left arm as his right arm goes to his side.
a person waves their hands in circles
the person sits very still in the chair
a person slowly walked forward
walking forward and then stopping.
a person walks forward, then steps back, turns and walks back several times.
the person is taking a picture of something.
the man is making gestures
a person imitates water coming out of fountain then using both arms imitates an aeroplane and then a fountain again
the person is making an arm and hand gesture.
a person walks forward, then steps over an obstacle, then continues to walk forward.
a person is walking on uneven terrain.
a person skips several steps to the left, several steps to the right and then two steps to the left.
person walking unsteadily in forward motion
a person stands still then they throw a football
a person jumps and spins from left to right.
the person walks through the aisles in the line at the amusement park
a person walks forward in an askew line.
a person lifts both hands into the air.
a person holding their hands together stands still.
a person punches the air with their arms.
a person who stands with his arms out from his sides throws four punches with his right hand.
a man walks forward in a straight line.
a person slowly moved in left direction
a person steps up onto something long, walks across it, then steps down on the other side
a person tries to move their right arm twice, both times wincing in pain and holding the arm with his left hand.
a person stands with legs wide apart., slightly bent at the knees and both arms are bent at the elbows and hands are relaxed.
a person walks forward, curving to their right while doing so
person squats down, then jumps while raising his arms above their head. appears to be doing a jumping jack and being active
a man walks diagonal down, then turns and walks diagonal up, then turns and walks diagonal half-way and stops.
the person waves with their right hand
the person walks up 4 steps. they use the hand rail with their left hand. they stop on a step and stand at rest.
a man stretches his arms out, then moves his right arm back and forth.
a person jumped while the hands was raised
someone slouched in a sitting position gets up and begins walking in a circle.
a person approaches an object, then adjusts the object, then turns around and walks away
the man walks forward, seemingly down a slight ramp.
perseon starts standing then sqauts toward ground and jumps high, repeated twice.
the person is greeting someone.
a figure raising its right arm above its head before gesticulating with its left hand
person raises their right hand over the head and slowly takes a step backwards.
a person rubs their left wrist then brings their right hand to their face.
a man standing and waves his right arm in the air then turns 180 degrees to the left then walks forward and stands still for 2 seconds.
the person lifts both arms out to his side, bends to put his right hand on the floor then bends both knees  to kneel, then he stands up straight.
a person holds something to their left ear and then brings it down while they straddle something.
the person grabs something with their right hand and uses left hand to hold something while using right hand to mix something that is in the left hand.
a person bends forward and straights, and then bends forward to touch their feet.
a person raised theright hand and start stretch
person is jogging in place.
a person does trunk twists
a man walks forward and mimes throwing a ball twice.
a person looks at their wrist.
the person is creeping across the floor in their hands.
the person runs around in a circular like motion
a person taking a huge diagonal step
the person stands and lifts both arms.
a person walks in a curve to their left and stops at about 90deg from start position.
person walks straight forward swaying hips slightly
pushed to side then walking back.
a person bends their knees and then jumps forward.
this person waves his left arm up and down as if to enjoy a beat.
a man squats his upper body up and down several times.
the person is running quickly.
the person puts his hands by their mouth and turns head from right to left and then drops his hands to get on one knee and then begins to tie his left shoe.
a person squatting down, catches self from falling by placing left then right hands behind them, and then rebalancing self.
a person punches the air with their right hand
the man uppercuts using his left arm.
a person waving his hand.
a person stretches his shoulders and arms with help from the opposite hands
a person wlowly walked forward
the sim walks forward making a bit of a zig zag shape.
the person is walking around and then trips over something
a person walks in a wide counter-clockwise circle.
a person moves around side stepping and kicking.
a person leans backward and lifts their left hand to their mouth.
a man stands up, walks counterclockwise in a circle, then sits back down.
a man gets up off the ground from his knees.
a person punches out with each hand.
moving to the side and bending.
the man stands still and then lifts his right elbow up in the air.
a person walking forward in a average pace.
jumping up and down.
a person lowers their arms to their sides, steps forwards, and then opens something.
the person jumped sideways towards the left
the person begins to walk in a counterclockwise oval, spins, and continues walking until they reach about 3/4ths.
a person twist their body in a very fluid motion
a person moved to right direction backwards
a person catches something with both hands.
a person  walks in a circular counter clockwise direction
robot is definitely dancing and moving from left to right.
a person gestures with their hands while making small foot movements, appearing to be dancing.
a person kneels down with right hand
the person is looking left and right.
a person spins their hand in a circle, pretends to type, the taps with their left hand twice.
the person prepares to fight by raising there arms and getting in a fighting stance
a person is possibly rolling something up then pushing down on it, as though someone were stuffing a leave bag and closing it shut by rolling the top down.
stretching legs from side to side.
a man raises his left hand to this face then lowers it back down.
the man is stretching his arms
a man shrugs both shoulders.
this person is doing swats several times.
the person is running forward very fast.
a person steps forward with right foot.
man walks forward while upper body is leaning slightly to the left and steps are unbalanced and slow.
a person kicks back their left foot.
a person walks forward with a side to side motion, and not walking in a straight line.
a man walks forwards, then backwards quickly, and then walks forwards again.
a person sits down at a chair, then moves the chair around while they are still in it.
a persons begins to run forward slightly to their right
a man stretches arms overhead then lowers them extended to both sides back to resting
person opens drawer, takes something out, and then puts it back
the person is walking forward leaning over a table.
a person walks forward slowly without moving forward, as though walking on a treadmill, and his arms remain still at his sides.
a person walks forward a few steps
walking forward and then throwing something.
a person walks directly across a room.
a personsteps up down then over.
a person holds their arms out, lowers them, then walks forward and sits down
a man seems to be placing something over his head
the person walks confidently forward and then continues walking while turning around clockwise the way it started.
person is doing cart wheels
a person walks backwards and then they walk forwards twirling their arms in a circular motion.
a person holds their hands together in front of themself.
the person was walking in a counter counterclockwise circle.
a person is walking upstairs.
a person slides their right food toward their left, then takes three sidesteps right, then retraces their steps crossing their right leg over their left each time.
moving forward and backward finally come on the same place.
a person gets on their hands and knees and begins crawling forward, using their left hand to start, and then alternating with their right.
a person steps sideways - left leg first followed by right
person walks, hops, and continues walking
the person is side stepping.
using his left hand he smacks his right arm bicep.
person raises left arm out to the side.
a person wlowly walked by making the circle
a person jumps in place while moving their arms back and forth
a person turns to the right, walks forward and looks around all over.
a person makes a quarter circle turn to the right.
person walking at a regular pace started on their left foot ending in their right foot.
a person sitting on something and then getting up; walking away
the oerson is performing a washing movement with their left arm
person touches something the right arm and then reaches out across the body for something and then walks backwards
a person throws away a box.
a person swims forward using breaststroke
a figure walks forward and then turns to the right and keeps walking
a man picks up a water nozzle with his left hand and proceeds to wash something off then places nozzle back.
the man appear to be sitting and turning his hands as if he were driving
a figure walks forward in a womanly way
a person walks forward with shoulders held high.
a standing man rests his right hand on an object and kneels down onto the floor.
a person standing up with their knees outwards slightly lifts both of their arms two times outwards.
person picks something up, shows it right, then puts it down.
the man is doing exercises with his right arm.
a man walks to his right.
a slow gallop in a clockwise circle then sits down on the ground.
a person walks curved to the right.
walking to the side then sitting down.
a person walks forward and rests their weight on an object with their right hand, then they use their left hand to twist an object counterclockwise.
a man crouching waves his arms side to side.
a person looks through binoculars
a person squats down then jumps forward.
a person aggressively throwing various types of kicks.
the person is walking backwards from right to left.
person picks up something and looks at it
the man drops one arm then raises it again.
the person is running back-and-forth in a crescent shape
a person is stumbling forward.
a man picks something up with his right hand and mixes it and then steps back.
a man shakes his upper body with his hands close to his chest and extends them by his hips as he looks forward.
a person standing forward doing leg kicks.
a person stumbling to their right side.
walking forward and stopping.
a person balances on their left foot while moving their right leg to maintain balance.
a person back up two steps sits down on something and the stands up again.
a person is picking up something then putting it somewhere else.
a figure crosses its ankles before squatting down and checking thr ground and then standing back up
while walking forward he appears to be pushed, he rights himself and continues walking.
person is waving to an audience
the person takes a few steps and then turns around with their back to you.
a person is moving an object from one spot to another.
a person does jumping jacks.
the person stands and squats a couple of times with their hands out in front of them
the person is walking forward.
moving forward on the floor.
a person crawls forward on their hands and knees and then crawls backwards.
a person stands in one place while their arms and upper body move around
a person is pretending to be a ghost
a person eating something in a squatted down position
a person is walking sideways right and then left.
character stands for a few seconds, takes four step foward and then hops once.
a person steps side to side as though dancing, swings their hands over their head multiple times and then claps their hands in front of themselves.
a person runs in place for 4 seconds.
a person raised the right hand
a person is walking erratically in a figure 8 pattern.
person holds onto a rail with left hand and walks up 4 steps, turns around, holds rail with right hand and proceeds down the steps
standing in a karate ready stance a person uses their left hand to taunt someone into fighting.
a person slowly leans back to the left with raised arms and bent elbows
this person jumps a long way forward.
a figure taking a seat and then fidgeting to get comfortable
a person leans to the left with right arm above head.
the person was twirling around.
a person walks casually forward.
the person looks at his right hand.
a person stands actively then throws a disc
a person sneezing; hand moves towards their face with a jerking motion indicating a sneeze
person raises arms above head and walks forward.
a person raised his hads, and doing the warm up
the man moves to the side
a person stands on one foot before stepping forward to bend towards their right foot and attempt to wipe something off of it.
the person was pretending he was a wild bear.
a person runs with a wide stride forward.
the man makes small steps forward and back
a person jumps forward and lands on both feet.
a person receives an impact on their right shoulder and stumbles backwards.
the person is doing a pectoral warm up.
a person is excersising using arms and legs
a man jumps with both feet three times forward.
a person raises his right hand then propels it forward as if throwing something.
a person walks forward, lifts their arm towards their head, walks backwards, lowers their arm, then lifts their arm towards their face.
spinning arms in a circle.
a person bend the body while layed on the floor
someone walks in circles, with the right hand up
a person checks his right wrist.
the person fills the glass with water then pours it into the plant pot
a person dances, swaying their hips and arms alternately from side to side.
a person takes five steps starting with their left foot and then stops.
a person is walking in a circle clockwise
person is playing catch with someone
a person quickly raises their left hand, then motions with their right hand, as if they picked something up.
the man kicks at something with his left leg.
a man energetically hops and shuffles his legs as he keeps his arms bent defensively in front of him, turning to his left and moving forward and back.
a person who seems to be shadow boxing
a person jumps sideways to the right.
walking forward and then back.
a person randomly moves by rotating across the ground, with a stiff body, elbows by their side, and forearms stretched in front of their torso.
a person briskly walks around the floor in no obvious pattern
person takes two steps forward then swings left leg around and walks back
a person steps back on his left foot; swipes something in the air with his left air; stretches both arms; steps back on left foot; walks forward on right foot then turns around to the right walking toward something.
this person steps right and left as if to dance or perform.
a person walks to the right and then in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks zig zag forwards then to their right.
the person did a 360 jump in the air.
a person walks forward while intermediatly touching the ground.
the person if placing some thing from the right to the left.
a person walks towards his right.
a person is standing and performing arm bicep curls by lifting their hands towards their shoulder in a squeezing manner.
a figure streches its arms out the turns it upper half to the left and right.
a person is wiping something in circular motion.
a person waiving quickly by shaking hand side to side.
a person is resting and bending over while moving their right hand, then they eventually stand up straight
the man stads still twitching his thumbs.
a man covers his face with his hands and scratches quickly using his left hand, looks around with his head erect, then leans forwards.
a person walks around in a circle.
a person raises their left arm and then bends to touch the floor in fromt of them, they repeat this motion twice.
a person makes several gestures with their hands, appear to scratch, stretch their arms and wave their arms around while twisting their torso.
a person walks forward from one side to the other.
starting with the left foot, a person walks downstairs alternating feet for each step.
a person walks in a 90 degree arc counter-clockwise.
a person walks and steps over gap.
person bends down to feel something on the ground then stands back up
a person grabbedsomething and lean it somehwere
a person looks around, steps back, then runs forward while throwing an object.
a person performs three jumping jacks.
person raises left arm above their head
a person backs up a few steps.
a person taking strafing steps to their right
a person walks forward while intermediatly touching the ground.
a person slowly walked forward
a man using both hands to lift something off ground and places it back on ground in a slightly different position
a person takes two steps to their left, sits down, then stands and takes two steps to their right
a person drinks with their right hand.
the person was pushed but did not fall.
a person slowly walked forward and grabbed something with left hand
the man walks forward, pivot on the right foot to face other direction, walks back to original starting point.
a person sitting there shaking then stands up and lifts there right arm and starts going in a circluar like motion
a man looks from side to side then puts his left hand to his face to  yawn before continuing his task.
a person on a swivel chair moved from front to left typing and talking on the phone motions.
a person raises their hand up to their head, turns their head right then left.
this person appears to be in the shower.
a person walks confidently in a counter clockwise circle.
a person takes many small jumps while shaking their arms and body.
a figure runs forward confidently
a person walks backwards then to the left
the figure takes a step forward and picks up an object with their left hand staggers them and causes them to turn on their heel counterclockwise in a full circle.
someone bends at the waist to pick something up before standing back up and placing it on a table in front of them.
a person takes four steps, right foot first then left foot, moving forward.
a person jumps up once and stops
a person crosses their arms over their chest and squats down twice.
person is standing and excercising arms.
a person slowly walks down some stairs.
a person does several jumping jacks.
the person is taking stuff from the right and passing it to the left.
a person stands with legs shoulder-width apart, slightly bent at the knees, arms outstretched at shoulder height, lowers right arm for several seconds, then brings with arm back to shoulder height.
the person hugs themselves, fumbles their hands together and does a shaking motion, and then hugs themselves again.
a person holds both hands up towards their face, as if cradling a baby.
a person jumps and spins from right to left.
the man walks and makes a left turn
a person holding a rail walking upstairs then back down.
a person stands in a martial arts ready position and raises their right hand then turns ready to block.
a person walks in a large circle.
a person walking and turns right.
a person pushes an object into the ground with his right hand.
a person paces from side to side
a person doing cartwheel forward.
walking normal right and left infront of one and another
a person who seems to evade something from their left side and run at a insane pace
the person was lifting dumbbells up and down.
a person raises their arms in the air and bounces up and down.
a person drags his left leg while crossing his right leg over it and then waivers crossing right over left and somewhat backwards.
a person walks to a spot, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward at a brisk pace.
person walks to the left of the screen and starts pacing
the person pulled something from the right to the left.
person is standing with their legs apart, they then do about nice small jumps up and down with feet in the same landing position each time.
a man turns to his left and brings his hands up to touch in front of his chest as he kicks something with his left leg.
a person looks to be petting a dog with right hand.
a man lifts his left knee to his right elbow, then his right knee to his left elbow multiple times and then squats.
the person was doing a warm-up with his wrist.
the man switches stance and bounces
a person repeatedly lunges forward and lifts their left armin front of their face.
person walks generally forward along a somewhat curved path.
a person jogs back and forth then faces forward
a person bends over and picks an object up with both hands and stands up straight.
a person does four jumping jacks then two forward leg jumps.
someone is standing and playing the piano.
a person gets on hands and knees and crawls forwards.
a man slowly leans forward and moves around and carries a heavy object.
a man jumps once then walks horizontally to the side then walks back to the original position.
a person is standing but motions as if they are swimming.
a person is standing on two feet then sits down and leans back, he puts his hands on his knees and gets back up to standing and walks to the right, then walks to the left again.
a man has his forearms raised to protect himself, he then kicks forward with his right leg.
a man walks forward before turning around.
a person wlowaly walked forward and stopped
a blue and red person lifts arms up to waist level and twist to the  red side, right side at waist level
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle carrying something in his arms
a person is standing, before stepping twice onto a plane with their right leg, shuffling, stepping down onto a plane, shuffling, then stepping over an object.
a person is walking forward briskly.
a man is shuffling his feet slightly while holding up arms and swinging elbows foreward and backward.
a person walks forward, knocks as if knocking on a door, then turn around and walks away.
a person reaches their left hand forward above their head and brings it back down with the right and the reaches again.
a person take two small sets to their right laterally.
a man walks forward and raises both his arms and then drop his arms .
a person power walks forward.
a person crossed their arms & motioned as if they were cold.
the person starts in a wide standing position, swings right leg behind and around back to the wide standing position.
a person steps forward briskly, then makes robotic movements with both arms.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is waving their right hand in side to side manner in front of their chest at a normal speed.
a person does jumping jacks by hopping while extending both legs out to the sides and extending both arms out to the sides and above their head
a person dodge something with head
a person raises both hands above head and bends as if trying to dodge something.
the man is moving his arms
a man sticks out both hands, appears to pick something up, holds it in his right hand, braces it with his left hand, and then sets the invisible object down
a person raises their hands above their heads, rotates their torso side to side, stretches side to side, and then stretches back and forth.
the individual raises their arm almost as if to check the time on their watch.
walking forward and then stopping.
the person is throwing some thing hard with his right hand.
a person holds something heavy above their head and squats.
someone is holding something with their right hand and stirring it with their left hand.
person walked turned around and is punching.
a figure dances jauntily in place
person is walking straight ahead
a person stepping from right to left
the person starts jumping on the spot
a person facing the camera  raises their left (red) hand, and waves it back and forth.
a person hold their hands in front of their face, then bends down to tie thier shoe.
a person lifts object with two hands and throws with left hand.
person runs in place, stops, then runs in place again. he crouches down and creeps forward starting with his left foot.
moving arms up above head then out.
a person squats and preceeds to swipe their left arm hand over right palm multiple times.
a person is in a seated position and making a steering gesture.
a person kicking/ swinging legs from side to side.
the person is walking and turning left.
a person running around in circles
i person throwing a left jab or punch.
a person runs diagonally forward to the left then turns around to run back.
user is pointing with right hand in multiple directions
a person holding a microphone speaks and waves to a crowd.
a person checks their watch
the person is running forward.
a person starts walking in the shape of a quarter circle.
a person is kneeling down coiling something in their hands, then stands and backs away to the left.
looks like he walks through a door to turn to the right and go straight forward
the person is drinking something.
a person picks up an object, turns towards the left and holds the object, the person turns back towards the right and replaces the object.
a man raises his right arm in front of him.
a man looks from side to side, steps forward, kicks something, and steps backward to where he was standing.
man walks forward and turns and walks back
a person raises his hands, moves his right hand above his left then back down again.
the figure raises both arms up towards the face of the figure at a slant with the right hand being raised slightly above the left.
a figure has crossed arms the extends them outward making a t with its arms
a person walks forward slowly, then takes two more slow and deliberate steps.
she carefully sliced some of the zucchini and then backed away from the table.
this person jumps a long way forward.
person does a star jump
a person raises their hands in front of their face then shifts from side to side.
a man takes several steps backwards, punches with his right arm across his body then kicks with his right leg. he then walks back to his original starting point.
a person is pretending to be an elephant
a person mimics a cat grooming itself by licking its paws and then rubbing its head.
a person bends forward at the waist, walking forward and flapping hands back and forth behind their body.
the person is walking forward.
a person steps forward with left foot.
figure does a jumping jack.
a person lifts his right hand up, then left hand up and waves them about, then put his hands down
the man walks back and forth putting something on a shelf.
a man walking rapidly forward with both arms swinging at his sides.
a person plays a guitar right handed.
a man stands still and then takes a step forward.
a man jumps and spins clockwise twice.
a person slowly walks forward and then stops.
a person holds his arms out to the sides at shoulder level and his hands up to head level, and repeatedly raises his hands above his head and back to starting position.
person jumps off the ground lightly
a person waving with their arms raises,
a person squats down on their legs while bringing their right hand up to their face.
a person moves forward and does 180 degree turn and goes back to the same spot as he was before
a man is kneeling
someone scratches their head with their right hand.
someone takes steps to the right then to the left raising their hands
the person is jumping with his hands up.
a person stands with his knees slightly bent and pointed outward.
move the both the hand and after hold the legs.
the figure has bent knees with legs apart and arms up my their side, the left one falls to the left side, stays their and then goes back up for both arms to fall.
a man moves his right arm in front him.
a person bowls during cricket
a man walks around in a circular motion while gently swinging his arms.
a person walks slowly forward.
he jumps over the beam
someone walking fast and moving sideways
a person stands up from the ground, walks in a counterclockwise circle, and then sits back on the ground
a man raise his left hand to his head then lowers it back down to the original position.
a person walks forward at a normal speed then turns left and continues to walk
a person is laid on the floor and then gets up
a person runs back and forth
figure does knockout turn around on heel
this person side wide to the left while looking around carefuly.
a person is kneeling on something and then stands up
a man runs forward without stopping.
man looks right to left before walking forward in an "s" motion.
a person stands and jogs in place moving both knees and feet up and down as well as both their right and left hand.
a person slowly walks forward hunched over and then picks something up with their left hand.
a person walks forwards and squats.
a person quietly walks forward and then normally walks back.
a person walking then stopping.
a person being pushed to their right
a person stands still and then takes a few steps backward
he does a weird sexy walk
a standing person raises their right arm and points towards their left, then points straight ahead and lowers their arm.
a person standing up rocking from side to side and clapping,raising both their hands up above their head clapping
a man stretches out his right arm across his body with his left hand holding his right arm.
person puts both hands clasped together stomach height then puts both hands bent onto sides  of their body
he pushed himself up from the ground to stand up.
a person walks forwards down 4 steps then does a little jump in the air
a person is standing still, steps to the right, then stands still again.
a man walks forward, then squats to pick something up with both hands, stands back up, and resumes walking.
the figure gets on its hands and knees, crawls forward, then turns clockwise and crawls forward again before standing back up.
the person was pushed from the right but did not fall.
a person quickly runs forward.
a man stands clapping in front of his body, pivots left, begins clapping above his head, then leaves his arms outstretched their shoulders.
a man walks forward with a normal gate.
a person running then quickly taking a step to their right.
the person throws something and proceeds to raise their shoulders and hands as if to react to breaking something with the thrown object.
a person writes on a board in front of them with left hand.
a person holds their hands up from their sides and then slowly makes circles and moves them in and out.
a person seeming to be sitting down and reaching over seeming to be taking a drink and sipping from it.
a man punches the air in front of him with his right arm.
man walks forward and then turns around.
the man moves his arms from left to right as if he is picking something up
the person was moving his arms up and down doing something.
a person walks forward and slightly to the left
a person is swaying from right to left and then takes one step forward
person goes from sranding position, then slowly bends with arms towards floor to brace themselves while bending knees and sitting down on the ground. once seated crosses legs and sits indian style.
person is throwing something.
the person jumped back and forth round and round.
a person is waving with both their hands.
a person puts their hands by their mouth and holds them there
a person steps forwards to a surface and seems to do some work.
a person walks forward and then turns to their right 180 degrees and then continues to walk forward
person walks in a semi circular shape while swinging arms slightly.
someone holds their left arm, turns to the right and walks away.
person shifts weight forward onto left leg while reaching down, returns to neutral position before moving left arm back and forward in a repetitive motion.
a man walks foward ,makes a u turn to the right side ,walks and then stops.
a man walks in an irregular patttern turns around and sprints back to the start
a man walks slowly down a slope
a figure walks a few steps forward before raising their arm and knocking, then turns around and walks away
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person walks forward with their arms raised toward the ceiling.
a person extends his right arm and hand out in front of him in a pronated position.
a person bends over picks up a darts and throws it.
the person is waving with his right hand.
a person stretches their right arm slowly towards the sky and rotates their shoulders backwards.
a man turn round and walks to other side and turn to the left.
a person stretches both arms above their head.
a person with their shoulders held high
a person raises his left arm and then waves at someone.
a person is moving his left hand over an object, then walks backwards and extends his arms outwards
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person attempts to walk, then stops, bends down to hold their leg, then shakes/kicks a possible cramp out.
the person was pushed from the left but did not fall.
a man takes one step forward leading with his right foot.
a person raises their hand up to their head, turns their head left then right.
a person walks forwards, turns around on their right foot, and walks forwards.
person is crouching down like a tiger.
a person walks in a clockwise direction at a steady pace, while moving both arms.
a person runs and sits on something.
a person sways side to side multiple times.
a person raised and showed some jesture
a man steps to the right.
a man stands clapping in front of his body, pivots right, begins clapping above his head, then leaves his arms outstretched their shoulders.
the person is doing an upper body warm up with their right arm in the air.
a person walks forward, spins around on his left leg anticlockwise, then walks back into the direction he came from
a person walks up steps and then back down the steps.
a person jumps while spreading legs apart and swinging arms out and above the head, then back down again.
person reaches arms out then takes right arm and points outwards
a person walk forward with a natural gait.
a person walks forward swinging their arms.
a person is walking narrowly as if on a beam.
a person squats then stands up and dances then spins in a circle while dancing
the person is stretching his arms out wide
a person is performing a side stepping dance.
the person walks to the right and stops, they raise their hands up above shoulders. then moving both hands together to the right simultaneously and back. again but only with right hand,
a person takes two normal steps and one big step to avoid a gap
a person balancing on their left leg moves their right leg from side to side while keeping that knee bent.
a person opens something like a bottle, then tilts it to drink from it
a person is bent forward with arms dangling in front of them
the person was pushed slightly forward.
person runs to the left, then to the right, then back to the left. appears to be jogging
a person walking up stairs.
person takes a step back like they're pushed
ther person is walking up a ladder, they take their right hand off the ladder and seem to examen/pickup something that might was parallel to their new height and then they transfer the object to their other hand and look at it.
a person walks backwards with arms slightly out at the sides, turns around and walks backwards back to the starting position.
a person waves with their left arm over and over and then raises both their arms up and down
a man shrugs his shoulders then takes a step back before waving with his left hand.
a person turns to their left while leaping forward.
figure appears to be waving
the sim is walking in a circle, with both arms extended as to be carrying something.
person appears to pick up a cup and drink.
a man sidesteps quickly to his left, then back to his right.
a person is bendind their knees moving up and down with arms strechted forward
a person is walking backwards to the right, then to the left, and back to the starting position.
walking forward and jumping.
moving arms side to side then jumping.
skipping in place and moving randomly.
the person runs around and plays with the puppy
a person walks forward a few steps
a person sits down cross legged, then stands back up.
the man is moving his arm like he is playing tennis
a person slowly walks diagonally to his right while searching for something, sometimes putting his hands above his eyes.
the person is doing stretch poses.
a person walks forward then quickly turns around to walk back.
a person is standing stationary and claps.
a man bending over forward holding something with his left hand in the air and creating a twisting motion with his right hand above the object.
the person is walking up steps.
a person punches the air with their right hand and then their left hand
the person is using their right arm in order to reach out and grab objects in from of them.
person is walking back and forth
the person went to make a shot but faith that and then ran away dribbling the ball.
a man leans heavily on his left leg, jerking his left hand in the air in front of him as he does.
a person jumps repeatedly, waving their hands in circles.
a person is walking forward using their right arm for support on something.
a person walks on the spot in a slow motion.
a person lifts both arms into the air.
a person stretches left hand forward
a man slowly limps forward while dragging his right leg with both of his hands on his knee.
a persons throws 2 uppercuts and 2 jabs with the right hand.
someone is shooting a free throw
a person walks forward with a quick step at the end.
a person walks forward and turns and walks backwards.
a person raised his left hand and made the jesture with it
a man walks in a sinusoidal, side-winding path from right to left in two cycles.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides swings his arms out away from his body with his right hand held low and his left hand held high, then resumes his original position.
person shifts weight backwards, then forwards, before bringing hands together and rotating the right arm back in a throw.
person goes side to side to the left  then raises left hand high above head at same time they raise  right arm shoulder height twice as if throwing an object
the person is putting his camera to his eye to focus on someone.
a person standing with his arms by his sides turns to his left and takes four steps, turns 180 degrees and takes five steps, turns 180 degrees again and takes two steps, stops and faces forward.
a person walks with is right hand to his neck.
he does a wipe back circle
a man raise left hand holds for a couple seconds lowers then repeats same action with the right
a person throws an object with their right hand.
a person throws his left hand in the air.
a person raised the both hands, and showed some jesture
he looks around then stops
a man walks forwards quickly, swinging his bent arms in a quick motion.
a person walks up steps while holding something with their left hand for balance.
a person walks forward at a moderate pace.
someone walks up a flight of stairs.
a person stands with his knees slightly bent and pointed outward.
a lerson lifts their left arm with elbow bent, out to a 90 degree angle to their body.
the person grabs something in front of them, walks away, walks back, returns it and picks it back up again and begins to walk away again.
a man walks forward with his arms loosely at his side.
the person is waving hands.
a person walks forward while slightly favoring the left.
a person falls to the right and then steps back where he was.
the man leans forwards, hunched over, with his hands on his knees.
a person waves with their left hand.
a man is taking small steps before giant steps over objects that are in the way
the person brings their right hand to their face as if eating an apple.
a man side steps to the left.
someone walks diagonally forward several steps.
a person walks forward turns left to walk back.
a man bends his arms and jumps in place.
the person was fighting with someone with his elbow.
a person balances self on left leg.
person is using their right arm to wave
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
the person is moving something in the air.
a person takes four steps forward.
a man quickly walks forward.
the man stretches his arms.
the person is jogging in place.
robot walking up the stairs, turned back and then walk down the stairs.
the person is running around in a circle.
a person lifts both hands toward face and then lowers them to their sides.
the person was doing upper body stretches.
a person stands with elbows bent and leans to the right at the waist oh, then to the left. then the person swings from the right to the left with arms outstretched.
a person jumps and turns backwards.
a person does neck rolls while standing.
someone turns backwards and walks in a clockwise semi-circle.
a man walks forward places his hand on a stair rail then walks up the stairs.
a man walks forwards towards the camera while sliding to the right and back.
person appears to be running in straight line then jumps over something and continues running.
a figure holds their left arm up, bent, then raises their right hand to touch an object held in the left hand
a person lowers his arms up and down while in a squatting position
a person sits down on the ground then stands back up
a person running in a line
a person who seems to be lifting a dumbbell with their left hand
a person swings at something with both hands as if they are playing volley ball.
stretching out and sticking arms out one at a time
a man stands facing forward, stretch both hands forward, he turned left walked a little turned right walked a little turned right walked.
a figure springs forward and jogs.
person reaches forward with hands, and makes repeated movements in front of themselves.
a person holds up both hands and slightly waivers before boxing.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person makes the cross sign on their chest and raises their hands to their head in a praying motion.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person swings their left arm around and round, more than once.
a person slowly jumped forward
a person raised hiw right hand and pull it down, and keep doing it
the person is wiping his leg
person is doing some breakdancing.
the person was walking and turned right around to go the other direction.
a man steps forward diagonally one step at a time.
a person throws a ball and seems to not have it thrown back at them.
a person picks up something and sets it to the right.
the person is playing tennis.
a person saunters forward and then stands with their legs spread apart.
a person jumps on the spot and is pushed forward.
a person sits down on something, which deflates or breaks beneath him as he shakily sinks closer to the ground.
someone execures a roundhouse kick with their left foot.
a man steps to the side and then holds something to his head before stepping back.
a person points his left arm straight out in front on him, then returns it to his side.
the toon walks across the plane at a normal speed.
a man has both of his legs bended like in sitting action and moving his hands down and up trying to turn something around, like driving
a person kneels down on both knees.
a person picks up and pours two things into something with his right hand and then mixes them.
a person walks in an arc forward and to the right.
a person is sitting down, moves his hand up to his face and back down
a person bends down and picks up something with their left hand then washing it with their right and gently sets it back down.
a standing person raises their right hand above their head and then lowers it.
a person runs forward quickly.
a person raises their arms with their shoulders bent, then bends back at the knees, stands, and repeats the motion.
a person alternately uses his hands to illustrate a high-spirited drumming motion.
walks in an s formation a few times.
a person is running, then quickly stops and turns direction while continuing running.
the person is stopping with their right foot.
someone waits a moment and jumps to the left
a person brings his arms which were in the air along his body. his knees appear to be bent.
a man moves his left arm in front him.
a person walking does a stwp over and continues to walk.
a standing person lifts his ledt arm on the side then and lean to their right,then they rise their right arm to the side and and lean to their left casuing the right arm to fly up
a man steps forward with his left hand outstretched four times.
he moves around then stops
a man is side stepping to the right.
a person is doing warm up exercises
a person is walking slow while using a handrail.
a person is performing a cartwheels.
a person kicked something
the man squats and moves his right arm on a clockwise circle and reaches up with his left.
a person walks straifht forward with head bent forward.
the person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
person is walking backwards with hands at their sides.
a person walking in an odd way
the sim walks forward making a bit of a zig zag shape.
a person tilts head side to side four times and then rotates head in clock wise circle two times
the person looks to be dancing with his hands
a person walking forward motion.
a person in a squatting position with hands on the ground, extends left leg and the right leg outwards, getting jnto push up position.
a person seeming to be squatting forward pushing a heavy object in front of them.
a person sat on the knee
person is jumping in place.
the person packs food in the fridge
a person gracefully walks forward, picks up an object, and raises it towards their face.
a standing person moving both their left then right arms in a cricle motion.then placing both their hand on their hips going in a cricle motion,then lifting their right foot off the ground
a person walks forward and then turns to the right to walk away.
the person is posing on one leg
the sim appears to push something, then brings both hands to their right ear.
a person does a throwing motion with his left arm
a person running while making the small circle
the man walks forcefully forward 4 steps.
a person walks up the stairs and stands still.
a person picks up something and sets it to the left.
person claps with both hands in center of body
a person puts something in their mouth with their right hand before drinking something in their left hand.
a man walks forward in a parabol motion,
the person does a basic walk forward
a person makes multiple small jumps.
a person runs sideways and stops at the center.
a man walks forward bends at the knee to pick something up then turns around and walks backwards.
the person paces back and forth from right to left a few times before stopping in the center and facing forward
a person walks to a spot, turns around and walks back.
a person is doing star jumps
the person looks as if they are strumming a guitar
someone jumps up twice, bringing their hands together in front of them as they go upwards and releasing them as they go downwards.
the person tripped over his foot.
a person is pretending to be a ghost
a person walks up and then turns around to walk back.
a person is walking around in a squiggly line.
a person stretches toward their let with their left arm.
a person warms up and then starts jumping rope.
a person picks something up from their left side with their right hand, picks something up from their right side with their left hand, and then washes the item in their left with the item in their right.
the person sits down and gets back up.
a man raises and lowers his left arm.
a man walks forward slightly off-balance, and then starts to turn around.
a person is crouching as if leaning against a wall, then stands up and turns to their right.
a person is imitating a monkey.
a person raises both hands together to head height, then moves their right forearm back and forth rapidly.
takes three steps to their left, then six steps to their right, then back to the left for two steps.
a person tries to keep two people separated.
a person sits eating sandwich with both hands.
a person lifts both arms out to their side and runs forward in a figure 8 pattern.
the person was pushed but stayed standing.
a person balances on their right leg.
a person exercising his chest.
person is jogging straight ahead
a person walks from the upper right hand side of a rectangle to the lower left hand side of the rectangle.
a figure casually walks clockwise in a circle.
person is crawling around looking for something.
the person is doing a quick punch kick.
a person takes 2 steps forward, then does a sharp right turn and walks back to starting point.
a person who is standing and holding a bottle in his hands opens the top and takes a drink.
the person is lifting a dumbbell with their right hand.
a man steps forward and then crosses his arms.
with one foot in front of the other, a person hops back and forth from their left foot to their right foot several times.
a person gets on his hands and knees and crawls forward
the person is walking like they are exhausted.
a person starts slowly walking forward and then jogs some before coming to a stop.
a man does a mach demo of the breast stroke leading with his right hand
running in a diagonal line.
a person shifts down to the ground and crawls forward before getting back up.
a figuer appears to be washing windows
a person claps their hands once, walks forward toward a seat and sits down.
the person is standing with arms by their side
a person is swiftly walking forward in place.
a person running very fast and then taking turn to their left
takes three steps to their right, then six steps to their left, then back to the right for two steps.
a man is standing and brings both hands to his face then steps out with left foot and performs a low kick.
a person walks forward in a curve to the right.
a man walks forwards whilst putting his arms in front of him holding something.
person moves forward a few steps then stops and then moves to their left and then moves backwards then moves two steps forward
the person did hop hop backwards.
a man stands up whilst raising his hands in turn and pointing with them
person is standing and starts motion to their left
a person throws an item with their right hand.
person standing raises left knee upward, then puts foot back down.
a person steps forward, turns around to his right, and steps back and stops.
person walks three steps then turns to left side then turns right hand side and brings right hand up to mouth area
a person side steps to their right with a large step.
a person waiving hello and bowing, showing respect and greetings.
a person is performing a ballet dance.
a person takes some smalls steps backwards.
a person walks slowly forward.
robot moved from left to right and turned his body towards right.
a person standing then shifting their weight from the left leg to the right leg and shifting their weight back to the left leg.
man jumps twice in place
a person brings their left hand up to make a salute before returning their arm to a resting position.
a person waves with their right hand
a person is standing and throws something fast with his right hand.
a child may squat down by a wall to enjoy a quick snack on a field trip.
a person is pushed hard to their right and they recover into a standing position.
someone walks forward and pivots on his right foot and turns around smoothly
a person reaches down with alternating hands, then moves their left hand back and forth, then reaches down with alternating hands
the person is waving and hands up.
a person takes a few slow steps forward, starting with the right leg, and ends in a standing position.
a person locks fingers, reach up down right left.
a figure sits down and sits back up
the person was walking forward on a balance beam.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
person walks holding a big box walks slightly off balance
a person jogs on the spot, then stands still
a man puts his hand on his head multiple times.
a person with one foot in front of them leaning forward.
a person from what it looks like turning a steering wheel to the left
person is waving with right hand
a person standing in the right rear of the room performs a cartwhrl diagonally from right to left and ends in the standing position at the front left of the room.
a person walks forward in a straight line putting one foot in front of the other in a tightrope motion with their arms up.
left hand was pointing upward and body was shifting to left
he walked straight down and pointed at something with his index finger and then turned back and moved to initial position.
a person walks towards his left.
someone leans over, picks up and object and waves it around before placing it back down.
a person begins walking and then quickly steps to the side.
a person starts with fast jumping jacks before slowing down.
a person throws something and catches something.
a person jumps in the air almost 270 degrees
a man leans forward on his right leg and does a slow uppercut with his left hand, then steps back.
a man steps back 3 paces, then crouches low and walks forward 3 paces, then stands and walks back 3 paces.
wipes down a counter with his left hand
a person struts in a counter-clockwise circle.
a person twists to the right, then steps backward to the left, and sits down.
the man takes 5 steps forward.
a person walks straightforward from edge to edge of the rectangle and then stops.
bending down then outstretching arms.
a person runs in place then begins to run in place in a small area facing in all directions.
a person slowly hops up and down on both legs at the same time.
a person walks forward, twists around, and walks back.
a person raises their hands and claps.
a person is standing very still only barely moving with their left arm bent and their left hand up at their face.
a person side shuffles back and forth while waving their arms around.
the man seems to be thanking people for something.
a person kicks their left leg out.
a person skips to the side
a person walked in left and right direction
a man walks forward and turns to the right.
a person steps down a few steps and moves to the left with both of their arms extended outwards to balance themselves while walking.
a person in a squat
a person sat on something
the person is bent over like a chicken.
a man grabbing an item off of a shelf and putting it into a cart.
a person is on his knees and stands up using his left hand as support on the floor
a person walks backwards with right leg first
a person lifts his left arm multiple times.
a person wriggles like a snake.
someone throws baseball down the plate
a person takes 5 steps backwards.
kirsten said down and cross both legs in a squat.
the person holds their hand to their face, then puts their hand down.
a person leaning ove to fix his pant leg with the left hand and then readjusts his pant leg again with the right hand.
a man steps over an object while walking on a diagonal.
person throwing upper punch with his left arm
a figure seems to prepare to pitch then throws an item
walking diagonally to the right
a person bends over and picks an object up with both hands and stands up straight.
a man walks forward with arms relatively stiff at sides.
a person squats and stretches arms.
a person squats down and stands back up.
a person lifts and bends their left leg/knee, then sweeps the leg in a counterclockwise motion back to the starting position, then repeats that process once more.
the person walks forward and a little to their left.
a person trotting forwards in a diagonal path.
the person is jiggling on their toes with her hands up.
a person steps up onto an object, steps down, walks around the object and then steps up onto the object.
a man faces the camera and stands in place while raising his right arm, then waves his right hand before returning to a standing position.
the person is walking down the steps.
the figure appears to be exercising
a person moves shoo's something away.
a man walks forward using his left leg, then right leg, and so on.
a man walks forwards and turns left in a semicircle.
a person takes a couple of steps back.
person is leaving in a circular motion.
a person waves their left arm around and reaches up high.
a person waves their arms in front of them while gesturing with small and large motions.
a person walks forward carefully placing one foot directly in front of the other foot.
person falls forward one step
the person walked in an oval circle.
he bends over and squatting down he writes something on the ground
character enters the scene and starts to travel in a zig zag pattern avoiding certain terain.
the man steps forward 2 steps swings around and walks back.
a person doing a punching motion
moves his left hand from pelvic area to head then waves.
a man jumps up and down 10 times.
a person walks aimlessly and slowly in an imperfect circle around the room, lathargecly swaying their arms with each step.
a person dances and moves around with their hands in the air.
a person punches with their left hand.
a person walks in a large circle.
person walked turned around and is punching.
a person winds their right arm and then their left.
a figure seems to balance on a beam or tightrope and wobbles to their right
a person takes a step to the side with their right foot, and then retracts their foot as if nervous.
person appears to jog forward.
person sits down, then stands up and walks forward. then the turns around 180 degrees and walks the opposite direction
a person walks forward up a slight incline.
the body walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a man is in a squatting position and moves slightly.
a man is walking around in a circle.
a person is walking around.
a man walks forward knocks on a door then turns around and walks away.
a person kicks with their right leg
the person is jumping up and down with both feet.
a person turns around and looks to the right.
a person stretches both their arms and holds the right arm up for a while and then stretches both arms again.
a person standing up indicates somthing on his left with his right arm.
the person is doing a two leg one hand crawl.
a person takes a long, slow step to the front, on a diagonal slant to their right.
a person is leaning over with his right hand on his waist.
man picks something to the left up using left arm examines then replaces it
a person walks forward a few steps on their tippy toes and then turns around and walks back in the same fashion.
the person walked up and then jumped up and then did a somersault down.
a person claps very politely.
a person who is waving with their right hand
a man side steps to the right, then side steps to the left, then side steps to the right to end at the center.
a person holding his phone on the left hand and ear and talking.
the  person is running over a vault.
this person is making a strumming motion as if to play a violin.
a man who repeatedly raise his right arm close to his right shoulder
standing person moving right arm as if they are rubbing their stomach.
a man kicks the air in front of him, holding his arms up to guard his face.
character is moving back and forth using their left arm to swing about as if to play ping pong or table tennis.
a person raises his right hand to his face, sways, then lifts his right hand to his face and the walks to the left.
a person seems to be in a fighting stance and moving around a ring.
a person sits down in a chair walks in a counterclockwise circle and sits back down in the chair
a person who is standing and holding a bottle in his hands opens the top and takes a drink.
with arms out to the sides a person walks forward
a person folds their arms in front of them, then lowers them to the sides.
a person is walking forward.
a person grabbed something and tred to open it
a unsure person walking forward in no hurry at all.
person puts hands on head then chest then knees then toes
a person is crouching down and looking around
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person flaps their arms quickly like a chicken.
a man is running in place.
the person quickly moves his right leg to the right and brings his left leg quickly to the right also.
a man folds his arms in front of him.
a person walks forward and rubs an object in front of them with their right hand.
the man does curls with his right hand then sets the weight down.
a man walks in a curved line using large strides.
person touches something the left arm and then reaches out across the body for something and then walks backwards
a person does martial arts kicks with both legs while moving forward.
someone is jumping up and down with their elbows bent and their arms out in front if them.
the person plays with the small puppy
the person appears to be picking something up, rotating it, and then putting it back down
a man sits and eats with his left hand.
a person runs in a clock wise half-circle, before stopping and walking to the center.
someone slowly bows twice, then raises their right hand as if to high-five or wave hello.
a person is jumping, but will occasionally give a big jump before returning to small jumps.
a man runs to the left, then to the right, and then returns to his original position.
walking backwards very quickly.
a person jogs forward then walks after a couple steps
a person walks forward, climbs a ladder, then climbs down
the person was pushed and recovered from falling.
this person walks around as if a zombie.
he did two jumping jacks.
a man walks forward slowly, then turns around.
walks in a diagnol to the right and then turns and walks back.
a person takes a giant leap forward while his arms flail out to his sides.
a person is sliding forward on the their bottom before stopping.
person is using a touch screen
a person sat on the knee
the person walks to their left
the man walks slowly from one side to the other in a diagonal fashion.  he stops, turns around, and walks half way back.
a man slowly walks forward
a person walks in an anti counterclockwise fashion
a person is collecting objects, getting three, they go from the bottom right to the top left of the screen.
seated driver puts on seatbelt while holding steering wheel
the man side steps 2 to the left then sidesteps to the right then left back to where he began.
someone seems to call someone out loud
the person is washing his body.
a man grans his left elbow.
a person rodding back and lounging his arm forward.
a man rolls his neck with arms outstretched and then swings his arm.
person walks forward and sits on high chair
a person stumbles backwards and stops.
a man jogging hastily, steps to his left and stops.
a person is laid on the floor and then gets up
a person scratches head with right hand.
a person walking slowly in front of them step by step.
a person swings each arms in a windmill pattern.
a person walks along narrow path.
a person climbs a set of 4 stairs, right foot first.
person looks like they are walking up stairs.
a person raises their right arm forward to be parallel with the ground.
a person sits their motion stutters
a person lifts their right arm up over their head and gives a single wave.
the person was walking across the balance beam holding onto a handrail and a table.
a person walks in a clockwise circle and raises their hand to their face to yawn.
a man is picking something up and placing it down to his right.
a person walks in an arc forward and to the left.
a person winds their left arm and then their right.
gesturing with left hand to come here, then waving
a person takes several steps backward.
a person makes several small hand gestures, walks forward and to the left, turns around and appears to pour something into a container.
a person walks from one end to the other while swiftly leans sideways.
the person walked forward and shaked hands.
a man stirs something with his right hand.
a person lifts their right forearm upwards towards their mouth and then puts it down again.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person checks his left wrist.
a man walks to the side then moves to the left.
a person jogs forward then stops.
a person walks slowly forward
this person sits down while shaking.
someone is walking backwards and clockwise around a tight arcing path.
a person walking, taking high steps .
a person steps forward, back, to the side, back, and then forward again while their hands are around their partner.
a person walking speeds up then jumps and kicks their heels together before walking away.
a person walks backwards to the right, then turns around and walks backward to the right.
the man is boxing upwards
the body walks in a strong line, increasing speed slowly.
person is walking forward slowly.
a person does three jumping jacks and then stands with their legs apart.
the person raises arms overhead and then kicks alternating legs back while moving backwards.
a person is swinging a bat to hit the ball.
a person squats and quickly moves forward diagonally
a person walks down stairs
a person walks in a snake like pattern
individual appears to be falling in the direction of their left as aeen.
person standing raises right knee upward, then puts foot back down.
a person walks backwards swinging his or her arms.
a person sits on the floor cross-legged then stands
a person stretches from side to side.
a person looks forward, then looks to their right, then looks to their left
a person moves each shoulder up and down rapidly in opposite directions, with their arms slightly outstretched.
a person standing still shakes their body a bit.
a person takes a step forward with their left foot
walking forward in a line.
person is walking in circular motion
a person dancing around while swinging both arms.
a person reaches for something with both hands, the raises their left hand then sets its hands back down.
a person walks forward and turns left.
person squats with both knees bent, bringing hands together at chest, then straightens legs to jump straight upwards but lands slightly to their right considering their beginning position
standing person raises right leg and both arms, turns slightly to the left, then returns to original standing position.
a man turns to his left, then takes a step back and turns to front-face. he then squats slightly, holds it, and stands back up.
a person who is standing with his arms next to his sides slowly takes five steps forward.
person walks forward, but slightly stumbles, regains their footing, and continues walking to the edge of the platform
a person is sitting and waving around his arms.
a person with their arms slightly raised, and is wiggling their hips.
a man swings with his left arm, then his right arm and then spins around.
the persons flexing his muscles and feeling it.
the person hands their cigarettes to the to the friend
a man shuffles backward defensively.
a person can relieve pressure from their back by sitting down in a chair.
a man is in standing position then proceeds to walk four steps at a steady pace then enters the same standing position again.
this person is jumping around acting like a monkey.
a person is standing with their right arm shakily raised.
someone seems to call someone out loud
a person walks forward, then strafes sideways.
while their left arm is bent and right is out to the side, a person straightens out their right arm and rocks their body to the side.
the person is doing the macarena
a person turns around and walks forward to the other end while leaning a bit from side to side and then turns around again.
a person walks forward in a slight wavy line, turns clockwise to face the direction from which he came, sits with hands on knees, and then stands. person then walks forward back to the original point.
a person stepping sideways over something
a man turns to his right and walks several steps and then turns around and walks back toward where he came.
stick man does fighting movements kicks in the air punches the air and stops
a person reaches their right arm out in front of them, then puts it back down.
a person jumps in the air once.
a person jogs, stops, and walks slowly back towards their original spot.
a man picks something up and then puts it back down.
person is leaving in a circular motion.
a person acts like they are playing catch with a football.
a person takes one step to the side, crouches, folds their hands in their lap, and then rises upright again.
a person does squats with their arms raised above their head
a person tilts his head back as if to drink something and repeats this motion a second time.
a person turns around and jogs about 10 feet before turning around
he does push recovery left
a person gets on his hands and knees and crawls to the left then turns around and crawls back to the right and stands back up on his feet.
the person claps a few times.
man does ae circle with right arm, then does four arm circles with both arms.
a person stands still and waves with their left hand.
a person is stretching his right hand to his left side.
a man starts off like he is holding a baby i his arms and rocking them. he then puts his arms out as if to say what and then pumps his fist on his chest where his heart is. after that he looks like he is shooting a bow and arrow. he then does the what thing again and then the fist on the chest once more. after that he puts his right hand up to his mouth like he is going to drink something.
a person shakes their left hand up and down while holding their right arm outwards.
a person standing still holds something with both arms extended in front and then pulled in close to his chest before pushing back out.
person seems to be preparing food
someone is doing jumping jacks
a person runs, then jumps and walks slowly.
person is standing in place
man walks diagonal to the right then bends down after two steps and touches the ground with his right hand, takes three more steps and touches the ground with his left hand.
the person is looking through a pair of binoculars.
the person pick some thing up and tilted it on its side.
person quickly puts something on the ground as if to catch something and then starts walking backward with the object
with right arm raised person moves forearm over the head, out front and then back.
a person walks to their front left a few steps, raises their right arm and hand, as if reaching for and grabbing something from a height, and then, having obtained the object turns around and walks back to the point of origin.
a person makes first a right handed overhand throw from a seated position, then a right handed side arm throw from a seated position, then stands and makes another overhand right hand throw.
a person bounce sup and down on the balls of their feet.
a person walks in a curve to the left, turns around and walks in a curve to the right.
this person walks up stairs.
a person walks quickly straight forward.
a person turns to his left and paces back and forth
the man is moving his arms
a man catches something runs to the right and pulls something.
a man is getting up from lying on the ground then walks in a complete counterclockwise circle then lays back down in the same position he got up from.
a person throws a football the steps right and cradles their hand as if it was hurt.
someone holds their hands up and lifts them slightly vertically
a person runs forward taking very wide steps.
person kicks a ball forward
man makes a motion as if to make a long put.
a person hold the knee with both hand, and after raised them up
a person is picking up a brush and then brushing his pet.
a person walks down a ramp and to the right.
a person crosses his arms across their chest, leaving them in a defensive position as if they were arguing or upset.
swimming doing a backstroke.
a person walks and hops sideways to his right
a person holding their left knee up in their air.
a man walks forward and picks up an object with his right hand, then puts the object back down and steps backward.
the person walks forward on a wobbly path.
a person walks and stops.
a man paces back and forth.
a person catches with both hands and throws underarm with right hand.
a man is doing jumping jacks.
this person waves widely with his right arm.
a person scratches their head with their left hand.
the person is doing football gestures.
a person throws something with their left hand
a person is holding something in front of them and swings to the left.
a man takes a large single stride slightly out to the front and left, leading with his left leg.
a person kicking/ swinging legs from side to side.
a person runs down to our left, stops for a second, then continues to run.
a person walks casually in a zig-zag motion
the person is doing the breast stroke.
person runs quickly straight forward
a person climbs up some ladders
a man brings his fingers together in front of his chest, then sweeps them both in the air in front of him at chest level from his right to his left.
a man stretches his arms up with his hands touching, then stretches his arms to the sides towards left, shrugs, and then stretches arms up again.
a man walks forward before stopping.
the person ducked to avoid being hit by some thing that was flying.
she jumps up and down, kicking her heels in the air.
the person was moving his arms up and down doing something.
moving the right leg with balance of left leg.
person stands still for 7 seconds then takes step to the left
the person is walking back-and-forth to the right.
the person picks up one container with each hand, pours them at the same time, then grabs something with their left hand and mixes the concoction.
a man holds his fingers close together. he brings his right up to his head, as though taking a phone call, then brings his fingers back together and fiddles with them, bobbing his head.
person is doing a miscellaneous dance.
a man steps backwards then lifts his right hand out by his side.
a man wobbles while walking forward.
a person reaches his left arm straight out
someone dials a number on a cellphone, tosses it up to their right ear, and begins to talk.
a person bends forward with their left hand to their face.
unscrew a lid and drink it
from a standstill position, a person seems to make the motion of throwing a ball with their right hand.
walking forward with small steps then back.
a man walks right, turns, walks left and sits down in a chair and then stands up.
s person is taking something off the shelf
a person is standing facing forward and sways a little while moving their hands as if they were talking.
a person stands in place while flexing both biceps.
a person slightly raises shoulders.
a person has their hands up in a defensive position and kicks with their right foot
a person leans left diagonal, with left leg out and left arm out
the person is walking towards the left.
a person is stretching arms out, brings the arms inward in a swimming motion, then brings the hands toward the center body
the person is running forward very fast.
leaning side to side with hands near chest.
the person is rotating both of his arms forward.
a man picks something up and puts it toward his head.
a person doing a meditation.
a figure walks in a straight line down a path
a figure walks forward confidently
a person does a dance moving to their right
the man does push recovery stand
the person is walking and made a right turn.
a man swings left arm across body.
squats down, roll rapidly than sets something on left side.
the man making is making gestures
a person puts his hand to his side, then raises his hand to his head moving it back and forth in short motions.
a person is running diagonally across the floor, before coming to a stop and standing still.
the person walks across the area, picks something up and then starts to move its arm as if to make a scrubbing motion.
a person walks backwards carefully.
a person swing with the legs and dance
this person is stretching with left arm raised high.
a person places their hands on their chest, elbows back and high, twitching their elbows back and appearing to laugh.
a person walks forwards very slowly.
a person stands at the edge of a cliff trying to steel themselves for a jump, but failing to jump off.
a person thrusts their hips forward
a person takes a step over something.
a person walks forward to the front and then pivots on one foot to turn around, then walks forward towards the back.
the person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
a person waving both of their hands.
the person stands still and shuffles their feet for a little.
a seated person gets up, takes two steps and a half turn and stops
a person raising his hands and make a small circle with both hands
the stick figure without a head shakes his left hand up and down 6 times, then moves his right hand slightly to the right, and then repeats the same thing again.
a person touches their head with their right hand.
a person who jumps up and then performs a 180 counter counterclockwise jumping spin
a person catches a small object and lightly throws it overhand 4 times
a person moves an object from their right to their left side.
a person crouching forward then leaps over something.
a person walks forward while not bending their right knee.
a person briskly jogs back and forth before standing still
person is walking in a l shape
a person takes wide steps while using their right hand to hold on to something steadily as they walk.
a person raised the hand and start to make some pushs
a person leans on something to their left with their left hand and kicks out right leg.
a person raising his hands and make a small circle with both hands
a person lightly kicks something with their left leg.
person crouches down a bit then holds arms out.
a person is pushed and stumbles forward.
a person who stood in a t pose ; then pours something down
person is running straight ahead
person does hip rotations then left ankle rotation and then right ankle rotation
man stands still straight up and down then bends at the knees and takes one big jump forward.
a person is standing with slightly bent knees, then raises left arm to the side and holds for 8 seconds
a man stands tall and shuffles horizontally to his right.
a person pulls their right leg back to their glutes.
someone has received a phone call that they seem to be fidgety on
a person kicks with their left foot.
a man does a small hop and then walks forward a small distance.
person moves on obstacle carefully with arms shoulder height for balance
a person walks forward and climbs down someithing while balancing with his left hand
a person walking forward steps up onto something and then steps down off the other side, then again up onto something and down the other side, then turns right and walks forward, then turns right again and steps up onto something.
a person steps forward to the left and then stops.
a person does the box step.
someone dances forward and backwards before dancing around in a counterclockwise direction.
a person walks to the right and then back to the left and then back towards where they syarted from.
a person shuffles to the left, then shuffles to the right.
a person pushes something away and then twists around.
someone walks slowly clockwise in a complete circle and then stops.
a man walks in a s pattern before stopping.
a person jumps up and down.
a person bounces left hand in front of body, then throws something with both arms.
stick figure is lying on his back and using his torso to bring himself to a sitting position with his hands on his head, using his torso to lower himself back to a lying down position, all the while his feet are flat on the floor.
a man is walking in a straight line, while swaying his hips right to left with a swagger
a person sidesteps to their right.
the sim appears to be using box hands in the boxing formation.
a person hops on their left foot in circles, with their elbows bent.
a person appears to be looking through binoculars looking for something
a person lowers the left hand bending down slightly to examine something, then straightens and raises something to his face with the right hand.
the man holds something in his hand and then throws it with his right hand.
the person is injured dragging his right leg while carrying something heavy on the left.
the person ran forward and then went back
a person walks aimlessly in a semi circle shape.
a person bends over and then picks up something with his right hand and then the left.
a person dancing to a fast pace music.
a person is posing and flexing muscles while standing.
a man walks from side to side and turn round and walks to his place.
a person walks forward, swivels, and then walks in the other direction.
person is moving an object to the side.
person is sitting and waving.
a person picks up an object to their left and places it on their right.
a person stumbles backwards with right leg first
a person walks forwards, sits.
a man takes a few steps forwards, crawls on his hands and knees, then stands up and walks again.
a person walks forward picks an object up, turns around and walks back in the opposite direction  and sets the object down
a person puts their hands over their face.
someone doing the chicken dance
person walks forwards then takes a large step over something
a person catches a ball with their right arm then throws it with their left arm.
a person does jumping jacks.
this person suffles his feet left and right in a circle.
a person raises their right wrist and then lowers it again.
a person waves with their left hand and than waves with their right hand.
the person is walking around.
a person shakes their right arm and then stretches to the left side.
person person is applauding someone.
a person sits down on the ground and then back on the ground
a person appears to be pushing against a wall.
a person goes and sits down
a person brings his hands together then kicks one leg out in front of him
a person walks to their left.
a person walks in a counterclockwise half cresent
a person backs into something and hurts their back.
person backed up to throw a ball.
a person performs a full, frontward arm circle exercise with his left arm and then full, backward arm circles with both arms.
a person walks down something, while their left arm is raised.
a man exercising his arms.
the person walk forward and tripped over something.
the person is jogging in place.
person walks to spot and then sprints
a person has a bent arm at the left side, then brings the left arm over their head
a sitting person sits very still.
a man moves knife with his left had while holding something with his right
the person is walking in a circle counterclockwise.
a person runs forward and does cartwheel in reverse direction.
person puts left hand up then puts it down.
a person throws an object with their left hand then catches an object with both hands.
a person sneezing; hand moves towards their face with a jerking motion indicating a sneeze
person is walking forward while leaning on something with the right arm, then they stop and bring their arms out to the side
takes a few steps forward then jerks back a step just to go forward a few steps again.
a person walking around and then grabbing something and then grabbing something and then walking away again
the figure appears to be exercising
a man lowers his arms and places his hands on his knees.
stick figure walks left and stops
a person is running diagonally across the floor, before coming to a stop and standing still.
the person is singing iโm a little tea pot.
a person attempts to get a rock out of their shoe.
a person throws a forward punch with right arm
a person standing in place taking a drink
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle before stopping at their original position.
robot start walking forward while touching handrail with his left hand.
a person walks forward and does a salsa dance.
he makes a karate type low kick with his left foot.
the figure appears to be in some sort of distress
a person is walking with high knees on the spoit in a reverse counterclockwise motions and then ends in the beginning of the circle.
a person facing forward takes a large step to their right, they turn their body to the left while kneeling down and crawl across the floor to the edge of the mat and face forward.
band and simple sit on the floor afterwards stand on the floor.
a person walks down stairs while holding onto the railing with their left hand.
a person walks in an "s" path and stops
a preson grabbed something and throw it away
a person raises his right hand above his shoulder and waves, then lowers his hand.
animation is walking in downwards direction diagonally to the right
a person picks something up with their right hand, raises it up to their face for a few seconds, and then slowly puts it back down.
a standing person using both of their hands to lean down and making a motion as if they were picking up an object that requires both hands
this person walks from right to left with large strides.
a person is paying for something
the person steps forward whit shoulders moving.
a person shakes their arms in a downward motion
a person walks with their arms straight out and legs stiff, in a u shape.
a person walks, speeds up, and jumps.
the toon is standing still before raising both hands to making a "rolling" motion as to be in a exercise routine.
person is holding onto something and moving around erratically with it looking like their trying to dodge something/someone with it
a person walks forward carefully, holding on to rails with both hands, before turning right.
a person is walking while moving around his arms.
person moves forward five steps leading with left leg first
this person lifts his arm to scratch his head.
a person waves their arms to the side and forward
a man is doing jumping jacks.
a figure does a box step
a person bends to his left several times while stretching his right arm over his head.
the toon walks down the plane at a normal speed.
a person walks a semi-circle, counterclockwise, before turning around and sitting on the ground.
a person opens their hands out, then proceeds to pick something from the ground with both their hands and gives the object to someone
the person is walking forward.
a person walks slowly turning to the right.
someone walking stands and begins to move shoulders and arms
a person walks with an odd gait, forward, and slightly to the left.
a person walks a fourth of a circle clockwise, then stops.
a person jumps into the air.
he moved his hands inward then outward.
a man steps forward, then turns to his left and climbs up onto something using his left hand for balance, stopping with both  hands held at hip level.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person walks diagonally to the right, picks up something and goes back to original position and then returns the item back to where they picked it up from
a man leans slightly to the left, then walks forward.
a person, that is standing slightly bent over, sways their arms side to side with their shoulders, then using their right hand perform a slicing motion.
a man takes a large step to his right, stopping in a standing position.
a person walking straight forward
the person is walking up a flight of stairs holding onto the railing with their right hand
a person who is standing with his hands at his sides quickly runs forward and stops.
a person lifts weights, and does a short squat.
a person walks around, sits down.
the person is gesturing something.
a person wlowaly walked forward iin right direction, while balancing
he turned to his right and then start moving towards left and then moving to right.
a man dodges something to the right, then the left and then the right again.
a man sprints forwards, stumbles with his arms placed wide, and then takes a seated position whilst looking over his left shoulder.
a person walking then taking a huge step
a person curls his right arm up toward his shoulder twice.
a man takes two steps backwards, briefly sets down, stands back up, and takes a step forward.
the man is doing starjumps
a person walking forward.
a person, using both arms, directs people forward.
a man rotates his upper body clockwise while leaning forwards, then rotates his hips clockwise.
a person stands relaxed seems to observe something
someone is walking around in a clockwise circle.
the person is walking around in a circle.
person walks towards screen, then makes half circle to the left and stops.
a person swam in free style
a person walks while holding their arms still.
a man walks straight forwards a few paces, swinging his arms gently, then stops.
a person steps forward, turns around and runs in a semi circle counterclockwise and then reverses to run back counter counterclockwise.
a figure begins in a crouch, tapping on its knees, raising its hands to catch
a man walks forwards at a medium pace whilst taking a gradual left turn.
someone is doing a breakdance on the ground and then doing a pose
a person bends over and bows deeply then rises.
a person slaps their hands against their legs
a person lifts and spins around their left leg then lifts and spins around their right.
a person picks something up, puts it down somewhere else, then starts moving something in front of them.
a person alternates between striking with their right then left hand.
a person balances on one foot while moving their other, and then switches.
a person lifts weight with both arms and bends legs.
a person walking forward motion.
a man bends down and reaches his left arm to his right leg, and his right arm to his left leg; man holds up his right arm in the air still as the left arm makes a stirring motion in the air for 5 seconds.
someone is dancing they start off a clap and moves their arms around while moving their feet forward and backwards
this person jumps and walks up to the front.
a person raises their right arm above their head and stretches to the left.
waving hand over head then stopping.
a person raises their left arm and waves.
a man jumps once using their entire body to gain height.
a person walks forward quickly in a slight diagonal line.
a person jumps slightly up and down with feet a part and arms held outstretched to the sides, raised slightly
a person is walking around with excitement
the person walked forward and sat down.
the person to step in to the left clean over something.
the person took a large step to step over some thing.
the person picks an object from waist high and puts it in his arms
a person hopping in place twice.
a person walks turning to the right.
a person is walking forward.
the person is having a discussion.
a man grabs an object with both of his hands and brings it to his head.
a person hops forward then turns around and hops back past where they started.
a man standing put both arms out and back down.
a man raises and then lowers his left arm
the man runs forwards nicely
a person lowers their left arm and then raises their right arm to their head for several seconds until lowering it
person steps right forward pivots on leg and turns around walks back and faces other direction
person walks in a full circle anti counterclockwise
a person jumps and turns to his left
a person walks in a clockwise oval.
the figure raises its left arm and makes reaching motions as if grabbing for something, and then extends its arms twice.
a person walks right diagonally, turns left walks a few steps then walks back and stands facing forward.
a person is sitting and picks up something with his left hand and moves it to his face and repeats this.
the person is back stepping.
a person takes two steps then stops.
a man holds right hand to right side of head and begins panting like he's out of breath.
a person walks on all fours
person standing, raises right hand to look at watch and returns hand down to his side
this person bends forward as if to bow.
moving forward on the floor.
the person was acting like marcus.
the person is on his hands and knees crawling.
a person standing with their hands our to either side puts their hands on their hips, then puts their hands back out to either side.
a man gets down on all fours and crawls forward.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person strafing around something
a person slowly walk backwards
a person raises right arm.
a man leans slightly to the right, then walks forward.
a person raises their hand to their face and then folds their hands together.
a person runs to the left then quickly to the right.
a person does a single jumping jack.
sitting down in place.
a person kneels down onto all fours, crawls towards the left, and then stands back up
someone walks forward at a curve to their left.
the man is moving his arms
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person is sitting while raising their hand to their head.
person begins walking forward and then turns around and walks back to put something on shelf.
a person reaches to their right with their left hand then returns to their original position.
a person takes a few steps with his arms held at his sides and limping slightly, before ending in a standing position.
a person walks to their front right a few steps, raises their left arm and hand, as if reaching for and grabbing something from a height, and then, having obtained the object turns around and walks back to the point of origin.
a man is curling with his left arm
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
the person is sitting down.
the person walks forward and turns around.
the person is thinking about something.
a person moves from side to side in a dance motion
stand and moving the hands and head.
a person walks in a circle
a man like figure walks in an elongated circular motion and then returns to where he started.
the man is doing step over gap
the person lift their hand then put it down
a man seems to be placing something over his head
a person walks forward while holding on to somethimg with their right hand.
great opportunity to do things
a person walks forward reaches down to pick up an item, then places the items back. walks back to starting place.
a person is standing and making a frustrated gesture.
a person steps each leg backwards.
a person stands on their tiptoes and shakes
a person walks around an object and seems to be wiping the object.
a person is running rapidly.
walking forward and then to the side.
this person has both arms extended to his sides then drops his right arm.
person makes a twisting motion with their left hand towards the ground, then takes a step backwards and raises both hands up, holding them out to their sides.
a person picks something up with their left hand, then touches something with their right hand. they make a brushing motion to their right using the object they picked up, then put it back down to their left.
a person walks towards his right.
someone slowly lowers their arms, then gestures as though they are swimming.
figure makes gesture around lower half then hugs themself.
the person is walking straight and turning right.
a person paces from right to left and vice versa.
the man is dancing using arms and legs
he kneels down with stool
a person puts one hand forward then they put the other one forward
a person is standing up, then touches his left foot with his left hand then his right foot with his right hand
a person walks with both hands in the air.
person is going down the invisble stairs
the man places his left hand on his mouth
the person slowly walks forward and then stops and stands.
a person takes 5 steps forward, starting and ending with their left foot.
a person holds themselves like they are cold.
while their right arm is bent and left is out to the side, a person straightens out their left arm and rocks their body to the side.
the person jogs on the treadmill
someone standing with his two hands on his knees and after raises his right hand up and later placed it back to his right knee.
a person appears to be jogging.
man stands still straight up and down then bends at the knees and takes one big jump forward.
the figure makes a motion as if it's moving a large but light object to the side.
the person is acting out the nursery rhyme cock robin.
a person looks to wash someone elses head
person is walking and may have been shoved on the side then walked back to normal.
a person walks forward, stoops then stands and steps backwards.
a person, slightly bent over, takes five steps forward.
a person kicks with their left leg
a person bends over and stand back up, then bounces in place in preparation to run forwards with a hunched over stance
a person walks around in circles.
the figure takes a few slighly hurried steps without raising their arms, it looks they are about to start running but haven't quite yet begun.
a person walks to the right, walks to the left, and then back to the center.
a person lunges to his right while shaking his right hand.
person walked and then started running.
a person has right hand over stomach while walking in a circle.
this person quickly raises both hands to face and lowers them.
the man places something on a shelf bends to pick up things and places them back on the shof in a mixing motion.
a person raises and lowers their left leg, then lunges forward twice, then jogs in place
a person bends over and touches both of their toes.
person lifts their hands above their head then goes down onto the floor and does a push-up, then stands.
a person sitting down gets up, walks forward, picks something up from the floor turns around walks back and sets it down on the floor.
a person walks slowly forward, puts hands on his hips then back down.
a person hops up and down a couple times while swinging their arms back and forth
a person lifts an item above their head.
a person aggressively grabbing holding something before drinking it.
a man walks forward slowly.
person swings arms up and down at the joints while bouncing around, as if dancing.
the person is moving sideways slowly almost as if crawling. when he reaches the end, he continues the way he started
a person turns around and looks to the left.
the person is raking the grass.
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
a person moves object from left to right.
bending down and then again.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks forward and climbs up something on the left hand side
this person stands still and raises both hands above his head.
a person takes a couple steps back.
a man is shot in the chest, falls to the ground, crawls and pulls himself up.
the figure stands, then bends and sits down with its legs crossed, pauses for a second, and stands up again.
someone kneels down and grabs an object with their right hand.
happily stepping back and forth the walking to make a flip.
a person waves with left hand while shifting left and right, they then raise their arm and continues waving. finally they raise both arms to wave them.
a person drinks from a bottle in their right hand
a person waves enthusiastically with their right hand.
a figure walks forward slowly and clasps its hands together
a man ;does poses with his arms.
he is waving with his right hand
a person leand on the floor and moved in right and left direction
a man walks around in a circle.
a figure with arms out rotates down the moves hands around.
a figure seems to jog on a treadmill
the person is walking forward very fast.
a person walks backwards a few steps.
a person is moving something with both hands.
a person rolls their fists together and jabs with their left hand.
someone walks backwards from the bottom of the screen to the top.
person moves backwards and sits down.
walking forward and then stopping.
the person steps forward, then turns facing left and steps backwards
a person steps forward with their left foot, pivoting to their right and thrusting their right foot out in a kicking motion behind them, then returns to a fighting stance.
a person is doing a dance
the person was pushed from the right but did not fall.
a person walks in a circular route to the right.
man stands up from the ground and begins pretending to throw an object, then proceeds to shoot an air basketball.
a person uses their strength to squat and lift something heavy above their shoulders.
person walks using short choppy steps
person quickly moves to their left like avoiding something
walking forward in place motion.
a person lays on the ground.
a person stands with arms slightly outstretched at their sides and walks forward while using his right arm to hold on to something to guide him.
a person jogs casually forward, then walks in the opposite direction, then picks something up with their right hand.
the person was picking something very large up and tilting it.
a man stands and raises both of his arms overhead and then makes up and downwards movements.
a person walks forward then turns completely around and does a cartwheel.
the man is lifting both arms
a person is picking up something then putting it somewhere else.
a man turns to his right, then walks back and raises both arms.
the person is lifting a dumbbell with their right arm.
moving arm side to side.
a figure takes three steps sideways to their left, then five steps sideways to their right and then two steps sideways to return to their original position
a person is clapping sitting on something
a person kneels down onto all fours, crawls towards the right, and then stands back up
the person with his shoulders down and is looking from left to right
a person waves with right hand.
person moves forward and kicks something with right foot
a man slowly takes two steps forward, then stumbles.
a person stayed on the place
the man is walking forward
man stands straight up and using his left hand creates counter clockwise circles around his stomach area.
a person stretches his bent elbows behind his back and then straightens both arms and stretches them behind him, then raises his left arm over his head in a practice throwing motion.
a person grabbed something with right hand and did something
a person raised his both hands, while standing and after he stand on his knee
standing person claps hands then arms go down to their sides.
outlining my area for space
the right hand goes to the stomach, pauses, and placed back down to the side.
perons walking from the right side, stopping occasionally to life up one leg.
a person jumps forward and kicks out with their right foot.
person is making a basketball move
a person lifts things from low in front of them with their left arm and places the things on the right and left hand side.
a person takes seven steps forward while swinging their arms in a walking motion
a person throwing and catching something with their right hand.
the figure shambles in a drunken state, struggling to walk in a straight line; it moves awkwardly towards the left.
a person standing lifts their shoulders slightly and shimmies from side to side.
person runs a third of a circle counterclockwise
a figure speedily swings its arms first in a clockwise motion then backwards in an anti clockwise motion while slightly facing to the right
a person stands in one spot, bounces their upper body, and pretends to walk with their hands
the person was walking forward pushing something.
the man is moving his hands
a person throws with right hand.
a stick figure without a head raises the arm on the right side of the screen. he then raises both his arms outward, bent just a bit and twist side to side before lowering his arms again.
the person is walking back-and-forth side to side.
a person who is running takes two strides, stops, resumes running and takes another stride.
a man confidently strides across the room with a lumbering gait
a person walks around slowly, turning from side to side.
robot touched his face with left hand.
a man walks forward and side steps to his right and then continues forward. he side steps left and continues walking forward.
a person lifts dumbbells towards his body several times.
a person standing, makes small hops, shaking his hands by his side.
a person walking with the help of hand rails
the person is lifting weights warming up his pects
this person walks very slowly forward.
person moves forward and uses left  hand to  pick something up and move to side
a person squats down briefly with both arms lowered before jumping up once on the spot.
a person walks counter counterclockwise circle and stands at where they started
walking randomly and raising arms up.
he is imitating an elephant feeding itself with its trunk.
a person drop kicks a hackie sack ball.
a figure walks forward slowly, shifting their weight from side to side before turning and walking back the same way
person is running straight ahead
the person takes 3 steps and makes himself a drink with sugar.
the sim is walking down the plane, before making a slight right incline.
as standing person pushes their left arm forward
person is swinging interlocked hands back and forth
a person jogs back and forth
person walks forward in semicircle to their left for seven steps and returns on similar path to original position
takes a couple steps to the right then back again to the left and repeats.
a man runs back and forth over a short distance, before returning to his original position.
the person had his arms straight out put them down and is reaching for something with his right hand.
someone seems to enter carefully so as not to make noise
grabs leg, kicks leg out, then twists leg inward and then outward.
a person sits down and gets up.
a person is walking forward.
a person jogs in place, slowly at first, then increases speed. they then back up and squat down.
doing exercizes with jumping jacks
person walks forward and stumbles
the person is moving around his upper body and then moves around his hips.
a person walks in a clockwise quarter circle.
a person is pulling something and then walks and puts their arms out
the man walks up 3 steps then down and forward.
the person is moving something.
the person is laughing very hard.
a person walks forward and steps over something with his right foot.
a person rapidly walks straight ahead
a person carefully walks towards the camera while avoiding things with their feet and holding on to something with their right hand.
a person uses their left hand to wash a window.
a person throws an object with his right hand.
a person standing and then doing jumping jacks.
the person is dancing the waltz.
a person reaches down with his hand and then walks over and starts moving his hand up and down.
a person shifts from foot to foot several times.
a person is crouched and brings both hands together then seperates them again
a person sips something, then passes it to someone else.
the person is drinking out of a bottle with his left hand.
a person sits in place on an object.
a person sits down and puts his hands on his thighs.
a person jumps into the air and throws their hands up.
person walks forward and sits down
spinning in a circle in the air.
person carefully walks backwards while balancing.
a man lifts his left arm high and keeps his right low, wiggles them, then reverses these hand positions.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person raising their hands and throwing them forward.
a person jumps to the right side.
a person lowers and raises their arms at their sides, while crouching.
a man is taking a step down using his right leg first.
a persion doing jumping jacks.
someone doing a few kick and then punches
the person is pouring some thing from a bottle.
a person crosses his arms across their chest, leaving them in a defensive position as if they were arguing or upset.
the person moves their hands forward while laying down.
a person is going to sit down and using his left arm to balance before sitting in a lotus position with the left foot behind the right with arms on the side. then goes back to his original position.
this man is hopping side to side with their feet. both arms are moving to help woth the force
a person slowly walked forward
a person steps forward slightly, the raises both their hands and places them together.
person holds something in left hand while he passes something out one at a time in a half circular motion in front of him, afterwhich they put the object down in front of them, and finally made sweeping motion with their right arm.
a man is playing a violin before stopping.
a standing person extends both hands up, above their head and jumps three times.
a person walks forward, then steps back, turns and walks back several times.
a man waves his right hand.
a person is strumming a guitar while standing.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person takes a few steps forward.
the person quickly moves his left leg to the left and brings his right leg quickly to the left also.
a person staggers around drunk and repeatedly gestures down with their left hand, as if mumbling an imaginary argument to themselves.
person walks seven steps from centre back to slightly left of centre
a person walks forward, turns around, stumbles, recovers and continues to walk forward, turns and then limps forward.
a person turns right while walking.
a figure stands and begins to gesture with their left hand, maybe shaking hands or high fiving in a sports event
a man runs forward and then stops running towards the end.
a man walked and make a right turn.
the person is walking forward using both their left and right hand for balance. their left and right hand are pressing down on something to help them walk. they put their right foot directly in front of the left and then the left directly in front of the right they stop walking and stand
a person is doing jumping jacks.
figure walks in a semi-circle, and sits down on the floor
a person slowly walks in a clockwise circle and begins to climb something.
this person is standing still but moving the top half of their body in a circular counterclockwise motion
a person claps a round of applause
a person squats down deeply then jumps up to a standing position several times.
a person walks up the stairs.
running forward and backward on the floor.
person starts in hands head height elbows bent then hyper extends arms above head three times
a person walks to the horizontally to the left, then briskly to the right.
a person is walking forward strangely
the person does a quick dance.
a person appears to cradle a baby, with their right hand supporting the head and their left supporting the body.
person shifts weight forward onto right leg while reaching down, returns to neutral position before moving right arm back and forward in a repetitive motion.
person walks forward up some steps
a person raising their right hand.
a person is standing with their left and right arms in front of them
a person is leaning around in multiple directions.
a person raised the hands grabbed something and made some jesture
a person jumps in the air with both arms at their side. ther person raises their right foot after the jump
a man grabbing an item off of a shelf and putting it into a cart.
a person is walking around.
a person jogs on the spot and then begins to jog slowly in a figure of eight motion maintaining a forward facing body orietation.
person gets down on the floor and crawls across the room. then stands up and walks back.
a person i walking forward and slightly to the left when the abruptly move to the right and then continue walking back forwards to the left.
the person walks backwards while dribbling the ball
a person is standing, but also leaning backward toward the left. the person shuffles there feet forward and toward their right.
a person falls to the left and then steps back where he was.
walking backwards and then stopping.
person moves forward two steps then does a full turn and faces opposite direction
a man walks forward and then trips towards the left.
the person lifts both hands, no higher than their waste, from left to right
a person paces side to side
person is sitting down then getting up.
the arms are folded into the chest and paced back out to the sides of the body.
a person checks their right foot for something.
a person walks slowly forward.
a man is walking in place.
a person squats down and then jumps to the front of them.
a person is laying down, then gets up to a position where his shoulders are high and his head is down low.
a person turns a steering wheel.
this person bends forward with hand near face as if he is hurting.
a person washes himself with his right arm
a person is walking on an upward slope.
a person walks forward at a normal pace while alternately using each hand to steady themselves.
a person who seems to be working out with 2 dumbbells
a man jumps and spins around.
the person is shaking out both her arms.
he lifts dumbbell with left arm
a person doing air kicks with his right feet.
a personsteps up down then over.
person is standing, begins to drag right leg back and completes a counter clockwise circular motion with the left foot.
a person slowly lifts weights with the right hand then the left all while shaking and putting in a lot of effort.
person walks in half circle from left to right
a person bends at the hips and moves from the left to right while lifting arms up, bent at the elbows
a person is walking and stops.
a person walks slowly forward.
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
person is using a touch screen
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person warms up with stretches.
person side steps to their right, bends down and proceeds to crawl forward a few paces and then stands up again.
a person walking fast down stairs.
a person is jumping small jumps.
the person is doing arm exercises.
a person walks forward with head and shoulders slouched and turns around to face away at the end
shaking the hands some thing on the hands.
a person puts one hand on their hip and the other in the air, then raises and lowers both arms together
moving the hands and stay stand.
walking forward with both hands swinging
a person sways and puts left hand out to waist height then puts arm back down.
a person walks backward slowly then sits down
a person slightly bent over with right hand pressing against the air walks forward slowly
a person sits down, rests their hands on their knees, and then stands back up.
a person steps on an object and walks across it carefully.
a person slowly walks a few paces in front of them and then turns and walks back.
a figure walks forward and to the right in a semicircle
the person was walking around to the left and then turned around and walked back.
a person takes one step forward, then turns and walks to the right.
the man begins with his feet shoulder width apart and his arms by his side.  he then lifts both hands at the same time bending the arms at the elbows and then he returns then to the original position.  he repeats the lift two times.
a man walks in an counterclockwise circle with a holding a heavy object on their head then turns and walks back anti counterclockwise a little.
a person seeming to be sitting down and reaching over seeming to be taking a drink and sipping from it.
a person walks forward slowly.
the sim appears to grab a cup with their left hand, taking a drink setting it down before turning around.
person walks forward and then walks back looks as if they bump into something and turns around
walking in a diagonal line with arm outstretched.
a person throws something, then catches something, then throws it
a person walks forward, turns, then walks back
a person jumps up and down.
a person taking a huge diagonal step
the person walks forward a few steps, appears to hold hands up, indicating a headache, and then steps back.
someone is talking on the cell phone
a person is standing at a slight angle, he lifts his left hand twice leaving their fist at about shoulder length.
a person is leaning to the right and makes gestures with both hands. they then lean to the left and make a gesture with their right hand only.
a person walks unbalanced as if they are on a tight rope.
a person holds on to their right leg in pain.
a man sits on the ground and then throws an object with his left hand.
the sim is standing still, raising their right hand to touch or scratch their head.
a person standing in place and clapping.
a person walks forward several steps and then stops and stands.
a person slowly walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person shakes their arms quickly.
a person walks forward quickly
a person uses their right hands to move their right foot to rest against the last leg in a yoga pose, then repeats the same motion with the left leg.
a standing person emulates swimming.
a person places their hands together then release their hands.
a person walks forward while twisting their torso and swinging their arms from side to side.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person walks in a diagonal to the right then turns his back on the viewer.
a person jogs from side to side, before stopping in the middle.
person takes step forward, then turns around to look behind them
the man walks forward swinging his arms turns and walks back.
the drunk guy struggles to walk down the street
a man throws something twice with good motion
walking in a diagonal line.
a person pushes their right arm forward and then uses both hands together while bending over as if catching something.
a person steps forward with right leg walking in a circle clockwise motion swinging arms and returns to their original standing point
a person walks forward in a straight line.
picture of a person standing on the floor with their legs slightly bent
a person walking forward slowly
a seated person uses both hands and rotates them in a clockwise and counterclockwise direction, back and forth.
a person waves their hands around in erratic motions.
the man stands slightly bent at the waist holding something in his right hand and using his left hand to touch it repeatedly oh, then takes a side step to the left.
a person slowly walked foward and left direction
a person slowly jumped forward
individual has arm bent out to the side parallel to the ground, bent at the elbow with the forearm up. individual moves arms up then back to starting position three times.
a person takes several large steps forward.
a man is jogging slowly to his left while swinging his arms to gain momentum
a person walks forward and slightly to the right
a person grabs something in front of them with their right hand and then raises their arms from their sides.
a person stirs with the left hand.
the person is wiping with their right arm. while holding the left arm straight out.
a person performs two over-arm swipes.
a person sidesteps to the left, then right and back left, as if they were working out.
the person walks forward holding on to something, maybe a handrail.
a person lightly kicks, maybe out of disappointment, or a routine motion of an object for something fun
a man jumps on the spot three times.
a person walks with side steps to the right and then walks forward, then turn around and walks back
a person kicking a ball.
a person hops forward then moves backwards before moving forward again and does two left and two right jabs
a person acts i am a little teapot.
a person walks forward, pivots on their left foot, and walks back.
spinning around then walking forward.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides bends his knees and takes a short hop forward.
the person is running back-and-forth in a crescent shape
the man is doing some thing with his left arm
a person shifts their weight from side to side, first settling back on their left foot, then their right.
person ran got down on his knees turn around and ran back the other way.
standing in place then walking forward.
a person raises left arm up and at the elbow bends arm up and down twice.
moving forwarded on the lake.
the person pets the dog on its head
a person turns around and jogs about 10 feet before turning around
someone with outstretched arms spins counterclockwise
a person stands up then walks in a circle
a person walks forward and grabs something then turns to use this something
a person drops to his knees holding his hands up, stands up and then drops to his hands and knees again
a person is pushed and stumbles forward.
the man crawls to the left then to the right.
a person is stepping down stairs backwards.
a person holds his arms up and bends forward to the right to hold off something approaching.
person stands for a few moments before  jumps and spins right leg around clockwise
a person is doing warm up stretches
a standing person scratches their head.
crawling around then standing up.
the man walks forward a few steps then turns around and walks back to his original position.  he then turns around walks one step and stops.
a person waves with their left hand.
a man walks forward to the left and then sits down.
a man has his arms raised then jumps, walking up the stairs.
a person walks forward at a slow pace.
person kicks forward with their right leg, with their arms in front of them
a person checks time from his watch raising his wrist and right hand up
he is stretching his arm then moving it
this person has his hands in front as if to direct a crowd.
a person swing both arms in various ways
he balances on his left foot and similarly flaps his arms to that of a large bird taking off
a person walking does a stwp over and continues to walk.
a person walks straight backwards.
a person standing with his legs apart and moving the right arms slightly down.
a person sits down in a chair backwards.
a person is walking and is shy
a person walking forward in a line.
a person lowers its arms and crosses its hands 2 times.
a person is stepping their foot up
a person walks forward slowly.
a person jogs in place.
a man crouches completely still before lowering his left arm.
a person bends over, stands up and then walks around slowly.
standing up a person leading to their right looking down at their right arm
a person lifts both arms up over his head and then stretches to the left and right
man does a roundhouse kick spinning clockwise and finishes standing.
a person waddling forward and turning to the right
a person throwing something with the left hand and the getting back to a ready position
a person slowly walked foward and right direction
a person sidesteps to the right.
a person picks something up with their left hand, and wipes down the item with their right.
a man is leaning backwards alternating hands. he stands up and walks a few steps before leaning back again.
the sim walks in a loop fashion from one side of the plane to the other before turning around.
person moves fprward five steps down steps
person quickly takes 3 steps in a straight forward direction
the person is talking with his hands
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person touches the upper right arm with their left arm, then bends down and extends hands out as if to put something down.
a person waves their left hand and then both arms get lifted beside them in a veritcal motion.
shake the body and sit on the floor.
a person moves from side to side in a dance motion
a standing person raises their hands in front of their face.
a person is running in place.
kicking foot while standing.
a person picks up something and pours the liquid in another object. then leaves it back, picks up another object and repeats the process again.
a person drops their arms from shoulder height, claps their hands once, steps forward and to the right and sits down.
the person does two jumping jacks by raising both arms above their head while jumping and seperatind legs to the side and the jumping back to both feet together and arms by their side
a person makes a gold swing motion swinging to the left.
this figure is happily strolling as if he won something
a person is walking down some steps from the top to the bottom.
a person picks something up with both hands.
the body slides to the right.
a figure takes a big step forward and downward.
a person is walking in a counterclockwise circle.
a person spins on the spot while holding on with right hand.
the person moves backwards as if pushed by someone in front of them.
a person made some jesture with both hands and raised right hand
a person is in a boxing match
a person touches their head with their left hand.
a person raises their left arm to waist level and twists their wrist as if checking a watch for one second the arm is then placed back by their side.
a person jumps two times from a standstill position
a person step forward with right foot then places right then left hand on the ground and does a cartwheel.
person lifts and object and places it to their left
a person takes a quick step backwards.
the body squats down then extends the right leg out and back in to jump up and down.
a person in squat position while extending elbows
person is doing a squat
walking forward and then back.
a person standing with his legs apart and moving the left arms slightly down.
the person walks forward, turns around clockwise, walks backwards a few steps and turns around and walks forward.
a person makes a digging motion and throwing debris over right shoulder.
a man runs on the same spot repeatedly.
this person walks around from right to left and sits down and then gets back up.
person is walking forward while leaning on something with the left arm, then they stop and bring their arms out to the side
a person walking, jump and keep walking
the person drinks from the bottle with his right hand
a person swims deep underwater
a man seems to be putting things away.
the man begins standing still. he lifts and kicks his left leg and opposite arm than switches back and forth three times. he than goes back to his beginning position.
a person walks carefully holding handrail with right hand.
the man is running forward
a person walks in a curve to their left.
a person stretches their back by turning their arms.
person dances back and forth with a few leg kicks.
a person folds their arms
a person walks forward then moves their arms in unison from right to left
a person walks backwards and then they walk forwards twirling their arms in a circular motion.
a person walks diagonal leading with the left leg, then turns to walk back while swinging arms.
a person stretch his right leg backwards
a person who shakes his hands then puts his right hand up
person jumps into the air
a person stayed on the place and after crosed arms
a person walks up four stairs, turns around, and then walks back down the four stairs.
a person waves with its left hand.
a person walks to the right turns around walk to the left then walks back to the middle.
a man squats low to the ground and then jumps up repeatedly.
a person walks to their right, and then proceeds to walk in a counterclockwise circle.
a person is pushing a shopping cart.
a person squats picks something up then gets back up
a person walks straight forward.
this man is taking pictures of something.
the person is waving with his left hand.
a person jumps forward, takes 5 steps backward, and then yawns.
the person runs around in a circular like motion
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
the person jumped sideways towards the right
a person swipes at something that is around their head.
a person a little jumped forward
a person walks forward and then starts dancing.
a person running, hops/ jumps over obstacle. continues running.
a man rowing from left to right in a canooe
a person holds something in front of them.
a person crosses their arms, then brings their arms back down.
a man turns to his left side, and then he karate kicks high in the air with his left foot.
person raises right hand to head height then lowers it and walks back diagonally to their left
a person loses his balance towards his left and then steps back towards his right.
a person uses their right arm and hand to clean or dry something with an object.
the person lifts up his right hand and shakes it.
a sitting person dabs with right arm, then waves both arms in front of their chest up and down. then the person dans agin with the right arm, stands up, and walks forward and to its left.
a person jogs forward.
a person stand still water fishing
a man jumps and spins around in the air.
a person moves around his right hand.
a person walks forward from one end to the other.
a person bending over doing stretches
the person is pacing back-and-forth
moving hands towards chest then spinning them.
a man gets up from the ground pushing off with his left hand then walks in a counter clockwise circle back to where he began then lays down flat on the ground on his back.
moving hands side to side.
a person sidesteps to the left.
a person lowers both of his raised hands.
a person walks in an arc
a person walks slowly on a balance beam while grasping the handrails.
person walk sideways crossing his legs.
a person puts right hand on the ground and kneels down first on right knee and then both knees.
a person walks up the stairs.
the person is wobbling in place.
a person is carefully walking with their arms outstretched to balance.
the person is marching to the right.
a person raises their hand and then lowers it
person brings arms down and stairs straight ahead
the man is moving his arms
a person gets down on all fours, then crawls across a room in that same position.
a person practicing jabs in a specific pattern.
the person is waving goodbye to their friend
a person walks leisurely forward and then pivots to their right in a u-shape and then walking straight
the person was pushed backwards but did not fall.
a person jumps to their right, ducks, then jumps to the right, avoiding objects.
kirsten is smoothing something out with his right hand and then his left hand.
a person strums a guitar.
a person is walking back and fourth.
subject starts facing forward then turns 180 degrees by pivoting on his right foot and slowly moving in a counterclockwise rotation
a person turns around, walks until they leap, and then turns back to walk to the origin.
a person walks backwards in a straight line
a figure walks slowly in a circle and pauses three-quarters of the way through to reach out both hands to pick up an object at waist-height.
a person walks forward with exaggerated backward kicks with every step.
a person holds up both of their hands in front of their face and then leans back to dodge an obstacle.
the person is posing and crossing his hand.
a person walks forward while slowly swinging their arms
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides jogs in place, turns to his left and jogs, does a 180 degree and jogs again, does another 180 degree turn and jogs several few steps, stops and resumes his original position.
a person stepping sideways over something
the man walks forward slowly.
he boxes left upwards then stops
a man walks backwards then forwards several steps then turns 180 degrees.
the person bends forward, puts hands in front of face, then turns right, then left
a person walking forward and then back with hands pressed together in a nervous or shy motion.
a person is sitting with his legs spread apart.
a person moves his hands around the air and then puts his hands on his laps.
person was pushed and recovered from falling
a man walks to the right with his arm raised, lowers it and then raises it again,
a person makes a scratching motion with both hands quickly alternating, stops hand movement, bends down, and wiggles the head; these motions are repeated two more times.
a person stands from a kneeling position.
this person skips and kicks with his left leg.
a person slowly walks forward a few steps, ending in a standing position.
a man raises his left hand to his head as in a salute.
a person walking straight looks like a brisk walk back and forth and turns back.
a person walks over to a chair, sits down with their legs extended and arms hanging down as if to lounge, then gets up takes a step and turns around.
a person throws a ball with their left hand, catches the ball with both hands and then throws the ball again.
a person walks a few steps forward turns around and walks back
person looks for something on the ground with left hand.
person jumps and spins in the air 360 degrees counterclockwise
person leans down to the right and reaches out with his left arm as if grabbing something, then turns to the right and makes another grabbing motion, then makes a buffing motion with his left arm as if cleaning off something he picked up, and then leaning down once more with his left arm.
a person lifts something up with their right arm, perhaps curling a dumbbell but
a person shakes his arms like a bird, leaning forward and back
a person releases their left arm while keeping their right arm extended
the man is lifting weights with his right arm
a person who is standing on a balance beam takes three steps forward and then steps down off the beam.
person stands still before slightly bending and falling to the left, then jerking themselves back upwards.
a person runs forward and falls to the ground.
a person curves to the right while walking.
the person moves their arms to their left and then moves them to their right.
a person on the ground crawls forward.
a person is sitting and then has their arms raised to their sides.
person is acting like a human dragon.
a person runs in place with high knees and their arms swinging and then does an exercise bringing the knee to the elbow.
a person holds something above, and swings.
a person cautiously walks backwards.
a person stands up from the ground, walks in a counterclockwise circle, and then sits back on the ground.
he stands to walk backwards
from a standing position, the person slowly walks in a circle, counter-clockwise, and then stops
a person lifts their arms, rotates their shoulders up and back, then tilts their head from side to side.
a person is crouched and shaking.
running from side to side.
person waving their left hand five times
a person waves their right hand, sways from back and forth, then waves around their left hand, then puts both hands on their hips and shifts their weight onto their right side
the man is walking casually
the person holds something up to their face.
a person lifts their hands over their heads and bounces slightly on their toes
a person swinging each arm above their head, while stepping each leg out to a beat.
a man stands up, walks in a circle, and sits back down.
a man walks around in a circle, puts hands to his hips and then raises arms up
the person as walking fairly slowly.
a person walks down and up in a figure 8 pattern.
a person walks forward, reaches down slightly with the left arm and then steps backwards.
a person performs three jumping jacks.
a man bouces from left to right repeatedly.
a person lifts weight above their head and then squats down and back up.
a person jumped and turned in 90 degrees
a person is standing and lifting right arm.
a person stands on his left foot, bending his right leg and grabbing his right foot with his right hand so as to stretch his quadricep.
a man uses his right hand to bat something away and then brings up both hands outstretched above the head.
a man walks the path of a figure 8, moderately fast.
a person walks around in a clockwise circle.
i man walks forward kicks something then raises his hands in celebration and walks in a figure 8 pattern and drops to his knees.
walking backwards and then stopping.
man has both hands on his hips, flares elbows outward and looks right. he drops both hands down at his sides and he waves hi several times with his left hand. he brings his left hand up to his mouth as if sneezing or coughing.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
the person just did a ballet twirl.
a man exercising his arms.
a person paws with their hands in front of them while standing.
a man clumsily turns to the right while fidgeting his hands.
a person side steps to their left
a person walks in a circular path and waves once with their left hand, takes a few steps and then waves with their right hand and continues walking.
a person is standing with their right and left arms in front of them
the person walk two steps and turn around and back two steps then stop.
a person shuffles and rotates to his left before taking a few steps backwards.
the stick figure is pacinganxiously
a person turns their body left and moves their arm forward like a tennis forehand motion then returns to starting position.
person picks up something from the ground and returns to spot
the person was walking forward on a balance beam.
a person appears to be holding something then pressing a button on the wall with his left hand
a person is standing still with their arms raised out at the level of their shoulders.
pushing both arms out from chest multiple times, end with left arm going clockwise circle.
a man stands completely still with his arms raised.
a person waves their hand in a counterclockwise direction. then pushes an item away and grabs something to move closer to them.
the man washes his right hand.
a person stands with knees bent and arms down on their sides, then continues to stand with arms spread out to the side.
person swings their left arm and then has an injury on the elbow.
moving hands in a random pattern.
a person raising their hands and throwing them forward.
person begins walking forward and then turns around and walks back to put something on shelf.
the person is walking on uneven terrain.
a person with knees slightly bent spasms
person is sitting down with arms hanging
a person walking in a weird way and then picking something up from the ground
someone jumps into the air and does spinning twist in the air.
person brings arms down and stairs straight ahead
a person does martial arts by blocking with their right arm and hand.
a man hold his arms above his head and then performs different motions with arms apart and then in front of him
a person jogs quickly in place with his arms moving energetically, before ending in a standing position.
a person walks counterclockwise and forward in a half loop.
this person gets on all fours and crawls.
a person steps forward, then waves disapprovingly with the left hand several times.
a person completes two small jumps while swaying his arms.
a person adds ingredients to a drink/food.
a person walks in circle with its right arm raised
stick figure takes a step to the far right
a person acts i am a little teapot.
a person starts sitting on the ground with his legs crossed in front of him and uses his arm to keep him stable while using his left leg to bring himself up to a standing position.
walking forward and kicking heels.
a person waves their hands out in front of them.
a person slowly stands up from the ground, pushing itself with both arms to steady balance and lift off the ground.
a figure stands with bent knees and raises and lowers their outstretched arms
a person stands in one place with both hands resting on something.
a person scratches his head with his left hand.
a person walks around from the right to left.
a person warming up their legs by alternating legs by doing front step sqauts
a person dances energetically, throwing their arms up and stepping around with their feet.
a person is walking around aimlessly as if pondering something.
a man quickly takes one step back.
casually walking a few steps and then bending down.  turning around and walking back.
a person walking around in circle's
a person steps to the right and then leans backward, looking towards the left.
sit on the floor and shake the hands on upward direction.
the person is doing jumping jacks
a person rolls their left ankle around.
a person walks forward and picks up and moves a heavy object.
a person walks in a clockwise circle, while holding his right hand up at eye level
a man jumps in place several times, bending his knees and making rotating circles with his arms as though jumping rope.
a man walks forward and picks up an object with his left hand, then puts the object back down and steps backward.
a person swings their arms in circles as if they were a monkey.
a person walks casually and high fives with their left hand.
a person standing with little motion
a person is making signals with both his hands
a person walks from side to side with their arms hanging loosely.
a person is walking in place.
a person walks forward reaches down to pick up an item, then places the items back. walks back to starting place.
someone wobbles on their knees, then bends their left arm to push something down.
the person is walking around.
a person is sitting in a chair
a person reaches back with an object, feign throwing, then throw it in front of them.
the person changes the song on their smartphone
a person lifts both hands into the air.
a man walks in a clockwise circle and then returns to his original standing position.
person is drinking something from big container
a person walks forward, takes a sharp left, and walks forward again.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle.
the person is hunched over searching for something.
a person is waving his left hand.
a person does a overhead squat.
turning body from side to side.
a man standing with his arms on the waist, stretches his right hand forward and placed it back and tries stretching his left.
the toon is standing, appearing to be holding a steering wheel with both hands before raising their right hand upwards.
a person is walking whilst holding on a handrail
a person bends to their left side and picks up something with their left hand, then walks slowly forward.
a figure elegantly stretches, slowly, with their arms extended and left leg extended
a person is gesturing their left arm at their shoulder level as if trying to communicate with someone.
the person is acting like a human snake.
a person walks forward two steps, and the takes two steps backwards.
a person steps forward briskly, then climbs some stairs, stopping in a standing position.
a person looks at their wrist.
this person walks forward at a brisk pace.
a person is standing, swaying back and forth and then takes several steps backwards.
a man drops his left arm suddenly as if he has no control
spinning arms in a circle.
a person walks in a circular route to the left.
a person shakes their left arm and then stretches to the right side.
a individual is standing still, raising their fists to make a rolling motion, before raising their fist up to their shoulders, shaking them then placing their right arm at their side.
the man walks forward, pivot on the left foot to face other direction, walks back to original starting point.
a person gets on all fours and starts crawling.
running and doing a summersault.
a person puts his hands on his thighs then stretches his arms out so they are parallel to the floor.
a person is walking in a clockwise circle.
a man limps to the left side of the room, then runs back to the right side
a man dances rhythmically from side to side and then turns
a person walks forward, and repeatedly reaches down then shakes something
person has arms extended to side of body shoulder height then moves both hands into centre and holds together
person is moving his arms like a zombie.
person seems to be acting like an airplane
the man is moving his legs and arms
someone is crouched down, their arms are raised to their face, before they lower their left arm and look around. they then raise both arms again and repeat.
a person stands and trying to hold balance.
a man walks forward before turning around.
a person lifts their right hand as if holding the neck of the guitar, and then moves their left hand in a strumming motion.
a soldier army crawls across the ground.
he stomps his left feet
a person kicked something
a man bends over an all fours and arches his back.
a person with their arms straight out to their sides, lowers them, and then smacks their hands together before walking to the left and sitting down on some object.
a person walks up some stairs, turns around, and walks back down them.
a person slowly walked forward in right direction
a person walks forward and then backwards and then forward at a slight right angle swinging their right and left arms
a person throws something with their left hand then catches something with both hands above their right shoulder.
a person is lying down then stands up
figure walks upstairs using hand rail.
person walks to pick something up then walks back to wipe something with it.
a person kicks something with his right foot then stands with legs far apart.
a person picks up an object and gently sets it on a shelf.
a person bent over doing a rubbing/ circular motion with left hand.
a person quickly walks forward and to the side, before stopping.
the person turns around and starts to walk backwards towards the screen. he then faces us and walks backwards
person stands knees bent forward then lifts arms shoulder height a few times
the sim is standing still before extending their right arm up.
man raises his right arm to the level of his chest, then sweeps his extended arm from right to left.
a person does jumping jacks, stumbles and then backs up to continue.
the person ran into some thing with his left leg.
a man slowly walks backwards, lifting his feet as if they are stuck in something, before finally stopping.
a person walks diagonally backwards
man walks to the right and puts hand on left shoulder, then walks to the left and puts hand on right shoulder.
a person walks forward a few steps, stops with his left foot forward, pivots slightly to the right while still facing forward, bends his arms in front of him, and makes a fist with both hands, as if to start boxing.
a person walks forward and turns right to go back.
the person is walking forward with their arms at their side.
a person makes several hand gestures and appears to move objects around.
a person bends to his right several times while stretching his left arm over his head.
the sim appears to pick up a phone, bringing it to their right ear.
the man jumps and spins in a. lockwise circle then lands.
a person with their shoulders held high
a person throws both hands above his head while taking a step backwards.
a person swings arms over head forward, then steps forward with outstreatched arms.
a person walks forward at a good pace.
a person walks backward while staring at the floor.
a person kneels with arms out and then uses their right hand to help with standing up straigth.
a squatting person holds their right arm out.
a person moves around his left hand.
a person walks slowly backwards
the person is performing a left leading front kick
person stands still then raises feet slightly up and down on the toes
the person took one step back, one step to the right, one step forward and one step to the left to complete a box then took one more step back and did a side step while turning in  a full arc
person is walking and veering left
a person communicates by using their hands
a man crosses both arms.
a person uses their right hand to wipe back and forth
a person stepping to their left side, then back to the right.
a man jumps forward with his arms at his sides.
a person walks leisurely forward and then pivots to their left in a u-shape and then walking straight
figure moves in climb postion to the left turns over and down.
a person is pulling counter counterclockwise.
a person walks forward with swagger.
jumping up and down once.
a person who uses his left arm to reach his right leg twice
person takes six steps forward then stands still
the person is cleaning the windows in front of her.
a person walks around to the left, then a few steps forward, stops, then walks backwards to the place they started
a person walks up and then down stairs
person takes one step backward
the person walks up a ramp.
a person brings his hands together, then lowers them to his side, and lastly he walks to his left and sits down.
a man bends over at he holds something in his left hand and brushes its top and bottom with his right hand, before setting it down and sidestepping to his right.
a person stretches his right arm out and puts it back  down.
person crosses arm over chest then puts it back down.
the person is walking forward turning right.
a man is going from a crouched position to lying down
a person walks forward with their arms raised toward the ceiling.
the person is leaving at someone with his left hand.
a figure sits down and rises up.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person raises their right arm and then bends to touch the floor in fromt of them, they repeat this motion twice.
a person standing in a t pose and then doing strange hand movements
a person is standing and leaning forward and using hands to swat away some objects in front of them.
a man walks in a large curvy, zig zag type fashion.
a person slowly moves arms and steps as in dancing.
a person starts to jog on the spot.
a man steps and and the walks in a circle before sitting down and then gets back up.
a person dances while holding his right arm up, then stops and lowers said arm so right hand is paused at waist level.
a person uses their right hand and arm to throw an overarm pitch, while supported by the left arm and hand.
a person slowly bends over from the waist and picks something up with their right hand and then raises up to a standing position again.
a person walks in place slowly.
a person sets down on the floor crossed legged and then stands up.
a person is waving his right hand.
a person swings his right foot forward, leaning on his left leg.
a person walks forward a few steps
a person holds its hand together and then kicks with its right leg.
a person hops a few times, then throws a left hook, and then continues to make fighting motions.
a person slowly walks foward , and then stops before something
a person stands erect with his legs wide open and takes two steps to the left and four steps to the right, then two steps to the left.
a person walks with both arms out to their sides.
a person runs forward a few steps
puts picks something up and then puts it back down
a person walking pass something seeming to brush pass a door.
person lifts left hand to mouth then scratches then left hand scratches right wrist
a person raises their right arm and waves before placing it back down beside them.
the man walks forward starting with his right foot and takes 4 steps total.
walking forward and stopping.
a person raises their hands and brings them closer to their face then lowers them
the man stands still and then lifts his left elbow up in the air.
a person rotates shoulders and stands from sitting position.
a person stands and looks over their right shoulder behind them.
the person is walking forward and a medium speed.
figure has convulsions while squatting.
a person walks forward then turns completely around and does a cartwheel.
a person walks while moving their hips up and down.
man vegeta shrugs his arms
a person slowly walked forward in right and left direction and after return
a figure is driving along.
person squats down repeatedly with arms raised up to hold weights.
a man sits down and then stands back up.
a person raised the both hands and show some jesture
the man is pretending to be on treadmill
a person spints in a circle then taks big steps forward
a person stands still for a moment, then walks forward to the far side of the room. they stop at the end of the room..
the person cleans the kitchen counter
a person bends down at the waist and picks up something from the floor with both hands and places the object to the right side, then turns to the left side and grabs something waist high with both hands.
a person stands up from a kneeling position.
a person runs forwards quickly.
the person is waving at someone with the left hand.
a figure gazes slightly down as he walks in an elongated circle at a normal pace.
walking backwards in one circle then turns to walk backwards the other way
a person is steering a car.
the sim is walking, before briefly stumbling.
he turns left then stops
a man stands with his arms at his sides, and sways slightly to his right.
a person runs up and down a small hump.
a person waving at someone.
a person sits on the ground, takes something out with his right hand and holds it up with his left
a person walks in reverse to avoid a crack in the sidewalk.
a person goes up and down the stairs
a person squats and stands.
the person is walking at a medium speed.
a figure walks towards a wall and stares, confined.
the girl jumps down from the bed onto her feet and slowly walks away.
a person lifts their right arm straight out.
the figure appears to be ballroom dancing by themselves noteably their hands aren't up as if to indicate a partner and their neck is downturned to look at their feet; they take steps that outline a square with their feet apart and then together then back and together before they turn out of the square and seem to be starting the patern again.
a person walks in a semicircle to the left.
a person walks towards the screen with their arms out and looking down like it was a tightrope.
a person is standing and moving their forearms up and down at the same time.
a person does jump n jacks.
person is jumping up and down
stretching while leaning forward.
a person waves at something in front of them.
person is walking forwards quite fast, then squats down to pick something up to then turn around and walk fast again. appears to be in a rush and moving an item
arms begin in a bent position, then the left hand goes up as the right hand simultaneously goes down.
this person is walking around the room.
a person appears to scratch their head.
a man takes a few steps forward, then loses his balance and falls back a step, before resuming his walk.
the person stgeps forward, jabbing alternating hands out.
a person military presses weights above their head.
a person stands still while rotating each arm in a circular forward motion. starting with the right arm then with the left arm. and both arms at the same time
grabing a golf club and lightly moving it
he turns right then stops
a person steps forward with right leg and then swings right arm trying to throw a ball underhanded.
a person who is stepping in the shape of a square
a person with both feet on the ground with both knees bended moving from one side to another, trying to hide or something
the person is putting something in a mixing bowl.
there is a person wiggling their arms.
a person sitting there shaking
a person picks something up and places it to the left.
a figure walks forward then spins on its heel to return backward
a person stretches side to side with their hands over their head.
a person walks forward, stops, then walked backward and walked forward again.
a man uses his right hand to throw somthing with force.
a person moves right shoulder inwards, then moves to throw punch with right fist.
person takes four steps diagionally
a person crosses their arm.
a man makes a "t" shape in the air with his right hand.
a person hurts their right ankle while walking and grabs it.
a person quickly walks forward.
the person is standing around.
a person jumps very high and steps forward making little kicks, then stands with left arm in the air.
a person steps forward and to his left hand side.
the sim climbs up a few steps before climbing back down and walking to the opposite end of the plane.
a man walks forward in place slowly.
a man lowers both hands and touches left foot , moves to the left and touches left foot again.
a man walks forward at a medium pace
a person beginning to run in a straight line.
person appears to try to move out of the way of something then puts both arms up and out.
person is flapping his arms like a lovely bird.
person walks to the right of the screen and starts pacing
a person reaches up to the left, then out to their side on the left, and then down below their hip on the left.
walking in an uneven terrain.
person is standing drinking something.
a person bends at the elbow on their right arm and waves their hand back and forth
a person sits down on something and then stands back up
a person crosses his left leg over and poses. then crosses his right leg over and poses.
a man runs back and forth, then upon running back decides to stop almost midway.
a person is sitting, and talking with their hands.
person starts walking and as he does he starts turning towards his right side until he stops
a person dances with their hands out forward.
a person walks slowly turning to the left.
a person walks forward, squats then gets pushed back, then he does the same again
a person moves backwards then forwards then jumps.
a person steps over two items coming towards the screen, turns and goes back over them to return to start.
a man walks forward and stumbles on a step.
a person sets something on a shelf, walks away, comes back and picks something up.
a person walks forwards, places their right hand on something to support them, then bends their left  knee back and using their left hand holds their shoe, to inspect the sole of it.
a person leans forward on something.
the sim walks down the plane in a wobbly fashion.
a person slightly raises their right arm while standing up
a person takes a step forward
the person is greeting  someone.
the person is waving with his left hand.
the person is standing with his arms out on his side then claps and then walks forward.
the arms are folded into the chest and paced back out to the sides of the body.
a person puts their hands together, leans forwards slightly then swings the arms from left to right
a person raises his left arm and then lowers it.
a man appears to be dancing and waving his arms and then does the wave through his legs, then returns to the arms once more.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person clasps its arms together then goes back to standing position with arms hanging.
a man steps back then takes a leap forward, turns around, leaps again, then turns around again and leaps again.
a person puts his left hand to his face.
the figure jumps and lands with its arms and legs spread, and then jumps again returning its legs to its original position, but this time its arms are in the air, jumps again and returns to the spread out position, and this last time it jumps and lands in a squatting position with its arms still held out, before jumping and holding its arms back up in the air.
a person walks forward while swinging his arms in an exaggerated motion, then turns around and repeats this motion while walking back.
a person made some something with both hands
a person picks up  a heavy object and moves it left.
the person is walking like a human monkey.
a person stretched right arm up and over to the left, then left arm up and over to the right
walking forward and then tripping.
doing a photoshoot and steps on a stool and poses then goes up the stairs for another shot.
a man steps forward and raises his hand as if waving, he drops his arm, and then raises it again but a little lower.
a man stands with both arms outstretched.
a man with dangling arms and hands walks to the right and then walks to the left, drawing a blue line with his feet.
a person walks forward then spins around and walks back
the person crouches down and sits on the floor.
a person who is standing takes one jump up off the ground and lands in place.
a person is walking in a circle in the anticlockwise direction
a person kicks their right leg forward one time.
a person walks forward, runs into something and bounces backwards, then he takes a step to the left and continues walking forward.
while squatting, a person makes circular gestures with their right hand.
a person steps on stairs and walks down one stair, takes a couple of small steps, turns, and walks up one step.
a person turns around, running diagonally, then walks back.
a figure sprints forward confidently
person is facing front and then took a step backwards before swinging right leg out in front while twirling his body stand to right sided position, then proceeds to use the right leg to go left back to front position
a person moves into a fighting stance.
a man walks up several steps.
a man bends over and puts his hands on the ground and is on all fours
the person is walking to the left doing an ax kick.
a person walks sideways to their right, then forward, turns around and walks forward, then turns around.
a person walks in a circular route to the right.
a person who has his hands by his sides steps forward, then rushes a few steps, recovers, takes more steps and stops.
the person pick something up and tilted to the side and then set it back down.
a man walks forward then takes a rather large stuff with his right leg, then continues walking forward.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides, turns and steps backwards, jogs forward six steps, turns 180 degrees and jogs four steps, then stops and resumes his original position.
a man does jumping jacks.
a standing person crouches then rises.
a person is lifting weights
raising each leg one at a time.
a person crosses their arms then un-cross it.
he does a treadmill morn
a person raises his arms, walks slowly forward keeping both feet in line, stops, and then lowers his arms.
a person who is running takes three strides forward.
the person was pushed but stayed standing.
person is putting away items on a shelf
the person nearly falls while walking forward
a person walks steadily forwards
a man stands with his left arm outstretched and moves his left leg in various directions.
a person waves with their right hand and than waves with their left hand.
a person walks slowly forward while swaying his shoulders, then stops
he walked straight down and pointed at something with his index finger and then turned back and moved to initial position.
a person punches with their left hand
a person holding their right knee up in their air.
a person walks around the room while moving his hands around and does a small bounce.
a person walks forward in a straight line that is slightly leaning to the left.
the person takes a few steps while holding their left knee, then switches to holding their right knee while walking.
the person is  walking down.
a person who waved with there left arm
person stands with arms extended to their side then lower them then walk forward then  swing arms side to side then go to side swinging arms still then punches in front
a person doing different type of hand signals
standing on one leg and hopping.
he kneels down with stool
man is holding something with both hands and raises right hand and returns it to item he is holding.
a person walks forward and makes a left hand turn.
person turns around and raises left arm to touch something above his or her head
the man performed a tennis smash that won the match.
a person  walks forward and then up stairs.
the person is sitting down.
a person walks forward slowly feet together balancing carefully
person moves i a clockwise direction in a circle by sprinting
person lifts item, tilts it halfway up and then places it back down.
the person had his arms on his knees then put them straight out.
a man turns on a hair dryer and walks in a circle as he dries his hair.
person moves forward three steps then does a full turn back
a person is pushed forward.
person moves something with both hands diagnoly
the person was running and ducked underneath something.
a person lifts something on their right and moves it to the left.
a person was bending the body and made the circle
the figure seems to be doing a warm-up routine
a seated person uses both hands and rotates them in a counterclockwise and clockwise direction, back and forth.
a person side stepping to the left then to the right while facing forward
a person raising both his hands.
the person is walking forward.
a person walks forward and picks up and moves a heavy object.
the person was wobbling side to side.
person crosses their arms so hands are touching or close to elbows then scratches opposite arms with opposite hands.
a person is walking forward and comes to a stop.
a person walks forward and immediately makes a right hand turn.
a person brings their right arm up and bends their elbow so it is across their stomach.
a person walks forward, then takes one big step to avoid an obstacle, and continues to walk forward.
the person is playing a guitar.
a person raises their left hand as if to look at a watch.
a man hops repeatedly on his right leg.
the person reaches to his right with his leg.
a person walks forward and then walks up some steps.
a person takes a step forward to his left.
man turn right hand inward and outward the reach to the left with both hands bring both back to the center and then left hand flip back and forth to rest in center.
a person squats twice, extending their arms forward each time.
using both hands held out in front of his body , a person stretches to the right and then the left.
a person throws an object with their left hand.
a man claps his hands together.
person picks up bottle, opens it, and sets it on table
a person puts something in their mouth with their left hand before drinking something in their right hand.
with their left hand holding something stationary, person kicks right foot back then forward, followed by left foot forward than back and repeats while right hand swings back and forth.
the person is doing an upper body warm up.
a person jogs on the spot
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person bends down to their left side, then takes their left hand and places it on their right arm, and finally bends back down to the left with both hands.
a person raises their left arm and performs a quick waving motion with their hand in a greet-like manner.
a person walks sideways to their left, then forward, turns around and walks forward, then turns around.
a man jumps up and down several times as he moves his forearms in tight circles, stops as he kicks at the ground, then resumes the original motion.
the person stands on one foot, leaning over and using their arms to balance.
a person walks forward diagonally to the right.
a person squats then stands up and dances then spins in a circle while dancing
place items in a line up
a person is walking forward from one end to the other and then turns around and returns.
a person walks forward, turns 90 degrees to their left, walks forward again and takes a large step up onto something
a person uses their left hand and arm to throw an overarm pitch, while supported by the right arm and hand.
someone walks forward raising his hand also moving
a person grabs something at waist level with both hands and moves it to the left.
a person walks forward two steps and turns around and walks back two steps
a man runs back and forth between two points
a person does martial arts kicks with both legs while moving forward.
a person bounces in places alternating feet.
the person is doing ballet twirls.
someone steps over a short stool.
a man steps forward onto his knees, using his hands for balance.
person walks straight casually with arms slightly swinging
moving forward and jump on the front side on the floor.
person dribbles an air basketball and walks forward
the man steps up something steep.
a person walks slowly forward while holding on to handrails.
the man is going on alaskan vacation i think
a person stands with their arms raised and waves their hands, they then bring their arms towards the middle of their body and moves their arms outwards.
a person walks down stairs holding on to something on the right.
a person walks forward swinging its arms.
a man holds someone's hands as if greeting them and then shakes his right hand with someone
a person standing and dancing
a man walking making an oval on the floor
a person uses their left arm to drink a bottle of water and put it down
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle while bent forward at the waist, and holding their left leg with both hands.
a person who is stepping in the shape of a square
a person walking steps forward and placing something down.
a person throws their right arm forward and pulls it back grabbing it with their right hand
a person walks forward, turns 90 degrees to their right, walks forward again and takes a large step up onto something
the man stands with his arms outstretched and bends his elbow slightly in and out.
a person is spinning around with their arms spread wide.
takes a slight bow forward.
the man is stretching his legs while his hands are placed on his hips
a person raises both arms into the air then puts them down
someone moves forward slowly in a zigzag pattern with their hands up in comical sneaking gesture.
a person swings their arms quickly forward and then backwards.
from a standing position a man spreads his legs widely.
a person holds out their left hand.
a man turns to his left and walks several steps and then turns around and walks back toward where he came.
the person is walking forward.
a person sits down and leans back.
a person squats down with their knees bent.
a person side steps to the left and then the right.
from a standing position, the person quickly runs four steps forward before stopping
a person sprints forward diagonally.
a person takes a small step forward
a person stands on their left foot with their right leg and foot in the air, using their arms to balance.
picking something off the ground and walking off
the person gets up from the floor and brushes themselves off.
a person stands on their left leg drawing circles with their right foot, then stands on their right leg drawing circles with their left foot, before lunching forward with their right leg.
person pours something into a container
a person sits down cross legged then stands back up
the man runs very fast
a person their hands down, rolls their fists, then alternates raising their hands.
a person stand still water fishing
the man is doing arm circles.
a person sits on the floor cross-legged then stands
a person standing in a t pose, then proceeds to spin the right arm clockwise and then anti-clock wise ; then switches arms
arms out, drop left arm down and leave a minute and bring back up.
a person slowly walks in a 3/4 circle.
a person turns around then walks forward oddly before turning around again.
the person walks forward then heads back the opposite direction.
a person walks and turns toward the right.
the person put his arms up in his shoulder level bend and stretch to the back and front three times and stop.
a person who is standing takes one jump up off the ground and lands in place.
left arm moves in an anti-clockwise motion at waist level.
a person has both his hands together.
a person going up an elevated surface
someone seems to want to fight or seek a fight
a person stayed on the place and after throw something
a man walks forward with an unbalanced gait, waving his arms and walking unevenly, before turning arond and ending in a standing position.
a person side steps to their right
a man is walking forward, favoring his left leg and shifting his walk. he is possibly drunk.
a man walks in a zig zag
a person crosses its arms while standing, then it unfolds them.
person had his arms out to the side and he put his hands together then he touched his lright side of head.
a person is jogging in place.
a person walks in a half crescent and then retraces his steps
person reached down to pick something from the floor infront of them
jumping forward one time.
a person runs backwards for a consistent timeframe, moving his arms in a consistent motion as well
a person side steps to the right and lowers themself into a chair before getting up and returning to their original position.
a figure sways back and forth with his legs apart and arms partly out from his sides.
a person is sitting down while using its right hand to eat some food
the tune is jogging back and forth along the plane in a side to side fashion (horizontally).
a person walks side to side with arms extended as if dancing
the sim walks forward a few steps, turns to their left then is about to climb a step.
a person walks forward then turns around to walk back.
a man is standing still, then puts both his hands up and back down, and stands still again
as standing person leans to their left side pusing their right arm up in front of them
a person walks backwards the goes up steps bacward.
a person stands up straight from a bent over position, touches his head with his left arm, then bends his torso to the right and swings forward with his arms dangling in front of him. i
a person claps his hands in front of his chest.
a person lifts their arms and legs and moves forward in various ballet positions.
a man appears to be rubbing something off
a person sways and puts right hand out to waist height then puts arm back down.
a person hops a few times, then throws a right hook, and then continues to make fighting motions.
the person is doing the salsa dance.
a person waves with the left hand.
a person walks forward, puts their right hand down on a table, and uses their left hand to reach over the table and grab an object.
a person quickly walks forward.
a person moves something with their right hand, then does two clockwise motions with it, then seems to put an object inside something before pressing two more sections.
a man walks forward in a straight motion,
someone is walking forward and they get pushed from their right.
a person jumped while raised the hands
a man is holding hands to mouth as if to shout from side to side.
person does light bouncy jump, skips forward with left leg swinging forward
a man punches both of his arms.
the person was getting into a golf stance
running forward taking a right turn then running to the left
a person is pushed from the right hard.
person stands still then crosses both arms then goes back into hands by side
a person slowly jumped forward
a figure begins in a hunched position. once upleft with arms bent, the figure interlocks its fingers and appears to stretch. releasing its hands, the figure stretches its arms gently to the sides, flapping like wings, fully extended.
a person moves in counterclockwise direction
person throws a right jab
person side steps to the right and then sits down. then, gets back up
a person walks swaying side to side walking in a slow circle then veering upwards at the end.
a person is walking forward and then turns to the left to turn around.
a man slams his right arm down onto something.
the man stomps his left foot.
a person walks forward, slowly.
a person stands on their left leg then right leg.
standing still then waving hand.
a person moves side to side while stretching their thigh muscle
a person leans forward with both hands together, then extends their right arm, then reverses and repeats the same motion.
a person has both shoulders raised while swaying back and forth, picks up both arms and pumps them back and forth 3 times.
a man hoists his right arm into the air
the person dodged from being hit.
a person starts off in a jogging motion and then slows to a walk.
a person slowly walked forward
someone is looking at the time
a person is walking in place at a slow pace.
a man walks forward, turns and look towards his left, and then turns around and walks back.
picking up invisible firgure from right to left
person walks forward and picks something up with both hands
the person raises their hands to their head, holds them briefly and then lowers them.
a man crouches down while quickly walking forward and then stands up straight.
a figure throws with their left hand then catches
a person leans forward while reaching to the left then the right.
the man throws  both hands
the man is pushing his left
a person walks forwards tentatively through either slippery or muddy ground.
person reaches out right arm in front of them, puts their arm down, then reaches again with right arm.
a person walks forward careful not to step on something on the ground.
a person uses their left arm and hand to clean or dry something with an object.
a person forming a straight low kick
a person performs four jumping jacks.
a person touches toward his pelvis, then extends hand and raises it.
a man walks from side to side while holding his left forearm with right hand and then walks back
a person jogs forward.
a figure tip toes around while walking in a slolam like motion
a person jogs in place.
the person rotates their hands together, then puts them down and rotates them again and finally moves thier left hand back and forth.
a person steps backwards slightly.
a person picks something up off the floor
a person warming up their legs by alternating legs by doing front step sqauts
a person throws with left hand and catches with both hands.
a person who sits down on there knees
person walking in an s shape
a man is going from a crouched position to lying down
person sitting hands in lap, raises hands to chest, returns them to lap, then raises chest high, brings hands together briefly and returns to lap
a person seems to be sitting in bleachers as they seem to step down then sit.
a person shaking arms back
a person ties their left shoe and then eats something with their right hand.
the person is sad and moping.
a person walks on a straight line
the person is on an exercise machine doing arm exercises.
a person starts to jog on the spot.
a man dances a waltz taking one step at a time.
a person who seems to be dancing
walking forward then bending down.
a person walks forward, turns to his left and walks.
a person raises their hands to the sky then lowers them
clapping hands near chest.
a person stretches to their right, stretches down then interlaces their fingers and stretches upwards.
the person is doing a sideways arabesque dance
a person shifts left, walks straight and then paces backwards.
a person jogging from left to right.
the person is walking forward normally.
as a person walks, he twists his ankle, walks some more and twists the other foot.
a person puts their hands together getting ready to throw somthing.
robot started moving backward and then stopped.
the stick figure is pacinganxiously
a person crosses their arms and then release them to their side.
a person walks forward and is pushed back by something and then continues on their path.
a person sitting down gets up, walks forward, picks something up from the floor turns around walks back and sets it down on the floor.
a man makes two spartan kicks, followed by two medium high kicks.
a person waves with their right hand.
a person holds something up to their face with one hand, and then with both hands.
a person quickly walks forward.
the person is walking normally forward.
the person was running to head of all the cut down on his knees.
a person sits down, crosses their legs and then stands up.
a person bends down to pick something up with their right hand, then leans up and rubs their right hand around, finally bringing up their left hand.
a person grabbed something and leand it to floor
a person stretches out their arms and then moves their arms around.
a person slowly walked forward and stopped
he steps out gingerly, walking forward.
a person walking very slowly.
person takes step backward, then walks forward one step and does an exercise
he starts walking forward slowly
a person picks up various items with their left hand both high and low.
a person raises their right arm with their palm up before returning back to a neutral standing position
a man waves with his left arm.
person picks up something from the ground and returns to spot
a person walks down stairs briskly.
a person steps and almost falls backwards.
the sim appears to be sitting down in a chair using their right hand to "answer a phone".
the person is untangling himself from a rope.
a person appears to swing his left foot back and forth whilst trying to balance on his right foot. he uses his arms to try and not fall.
a person jumped while raised the hands up
a person holds something in his hands, then walks to the right, sits down and lefts his left foot up to hold it with his hands.
a man crouching waves his arms side to side.
the person is picking something and putting it on a shelf.
a person walks forward, picks something up with their left hand, and then pours it into a container.
a person shadow boxes while moving around.
a person who is standing with his hands at his sides takes two steps forward, turns 180 degrees and take two steps in the other direction.
a man takes one step side to side.
running on the floor on same place.
person lifts left arm in front of them, bends arm and tilts wrist as if to look at a watch.
a person walking over to sit down.
a person throws something with both of their arms above their head (something heavy?).
figure appears to be lifting up a paper and reading it
putting arm out forward.
a person sits down and stands up.
a person walks a few steps forward turns around and walks back
the person sits down in the chair then quickly gets up
a person throws an item with their left hand.
a person balances on their left foot while kicking in multiple directions with their right foot.
the person has both of his hands up in place
the man takes wide steps forward.
the person is tiptoeing so no one hears him.
a man is in standing position then proceeds to walk four steps at a steady pace then enters the same standing position again.
the figure appears to be jumping in a vertical manner reaching for something
the person was pushed from the right side.
a person jumps and raises their hands midway and then begins to jump again.
person walking with hands out in a line.
a figure holds both hands in a cupped position up to their waist. they bend slightly ad the kneeds and are slightly hunched forward. their head bobs as they make small lifting gestures with their hands, as if imitating an ape or monkey.
the person steps a little wider than shoulder width apart first with their left foot, then with their right before squatting 4 times.
the person is talking about taking a vacation.
a person walks up towards the left.
a person lifts an object with his left hand
a person does jumping jacks while moving to their left.
a man touches the top of his head with his left hand, extends it high, then bends his arm again to pat and rub his head, before extending and then bending it again.
a person makes the universal hand motion for hungry.
a person slightly squatting with left and right arms, placing them on knees, and then, lifting arms again.
a person with their arms spread open moves them down and then sits in a sitting chair position then waves their left hand
a person appears to play a violin.
a person makes an s-motion with their hands & arms.
a person moves their left hand in a counter-clockwise horizontal circle
person is acting like a dancing animal.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person walking forward, grab something with left hand, and went back, and returned one more time.
person walks backwards flailing arms, then walks forward regularly
a person is moving around dancing with their arms.
a person slowly stand up
person holds arms out together  meeting at the fingertips before moving them around side to side
a person slowly walked forward upstairs and return
a person squats down to the ground, picks up a box, then stands back up, and places the box on a higher surface.
a person jumps up and down.
a man runs to the right, then to the left, and then returns to his original position.
a person puts their arms out on something in front of them
a man is jumping, his arms are at his side, his legs are straight, his arms move up straight and outwards with his hands over his head in a v shape, as he jumps his legs move apart away from eachother in an inverted v shape
the person had his hands up in his rocking back-and-forth.
the person steps forward, then runs forward.
a person raises both his arms and then lowers his left one while still holding the right one. then he raises his left hand again.
a person raises their arms above their head and then stretches back and forth and side to side.
person walks forward and then walks back looks as if they bump into something and turns around
the person is excercising touching toes.
a person claps their hands once, walks forward toward a seat and sits down.
a person takes a step to the right then swings their left arm
person was pushed from behind but cab standing.
a person walks extremely slowly
a person carefully walks down in a straight line.
the sim appears to be miskicking a hunter shooting a bow, then appears to be holding binoculars.
the toon is on the ground in a push up fashion, doing a push up, crawling backward & doing another push up.
waving hands in and out.
person walks quickly forward as if in a hurry
a person warms up pectorals by moving arms inwards and outwards.
a person bring both hands together above their head with left leg up, then brings both hands down to the ground in front, then brings both legs behind them, glutes in the air, glutes to the ground.
a person is walking erratically in a figure 8 pattern.
a person doing a spesific moves with legs and hands while doing boxing
a person swipes an object over a surface, using their body weight as leverage.
a person holds something with both hands before winding up and throwing it with their right hand
the person is holding his left hand over his head.
a person bends their knees and jumps up, spinning clockwise while in the air, and then repeat the jump.
the person is climbing on terrain.
a man stands on the ground and turns left and then to the  right repeatedly.
a person dancing by moving his hands and feet .
person stands forward still then moves back
he done a wipe back small circle
a person is standing, twirling his hands, and then motions hips in a circle; kicks right leg to the right and then kicks left leg to the left dancing to something.
the person is turning their steering wheel.
person loses balance then regains it
a person squats slightly, bending at the knees.
a person jumps then is pushed to the left
a person wipes in a circular motion with right hand.
a person kicks with their left leg twice, and then once with their right.
person was doing karate kicks to the right and then did it to the left as well.
a person stands up, walks in a circle, and sits back down.
a person reaches forward with his hand, then moves it out to the side and back to the middle again several times.
the person was laying  down and then they got up.
a person steps forward with their left foot one pace and steadies themselves with their right foot.
someone attempts to do a handstand, but simply lifts their legs and comes back down.
a person walks down some steps.
a person squats down and picks something up from the ground with their right hand. they then stand back up.
a person walking down a stage.
a person stands casually and shifts their weight from their right foot to left foot
a person who is cleaning something then steps backwards and lifts both of their arms up
the person is doing a casual quick walk.
a person is moving hands around walking forward and backward and around.
a person is moving around his left arm.
a person stepping out the way
moving the hands and littly  band the legs and move front.
a person extends their right hand and shakes it.
a person lifts weights above their head with both arms.
a person has their right hand on their head and walks around in a circle.
a person reaches in front of them with their right hand, then slide and press multiple things in front of them.
a person takes a big jump forwards.
person waves with right hand
a man stretches his arms out, then moves his left arm back and forth.
a person is walking around with excitement
person is using touch screen
someone is learning a dance
a person bends their knees, jumps up a little, before doing that jump a second time.
a person walks turning to the left.
a person jogs in place with their arms swinging.
a person is using binoculars
a person crosses their arms.
a person goes over a tightrope.
a person steps over something while walking.
the man raises his right hand to hit something.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a man steps to the right and begins moving his arms in a circular motion while jumping rope.
the person is talking from a punch.
a man grans his right elbow.
a person is side stepping
a person walks forwards very slowly.
a person is sitting down and has both hands in front of them, bent at elbow. arms spin counter clockwise in a half circle then spin back the other direction while leaning back
getting up from kneeling position with help of right hand at a normal pace.
person is walking in backwards motion
a person frantically waves their right hand around in the air in front of them.
a person lifts a group of objects moving from right to left and then from left to right on a lower shelf.
a person takes two steps forward before turning around and running in the opposite direction. they then stop running, turn about-face once more before performing two consecutive cartwheels.
a person is lifting weights
the man is pretending to be a fish
walking straight forward towards a goal
person is standing and waving their right arm as if to get someone else's attention.
a person dials a phone and holds it to their right ear.
a man spins around in place.
walking backwards with arms outsteretched
the person walks forward and seems to be stepping up some steps. he turns around and walks back down the stairs
person with hand together, drops hands, steps forward and turns right then sets down in a chair facing away
a person stretches both arms outward and then kneels down on to the floor.
person is getting into a crouch position.
a person waves their arm above their head
a person walks to the edge of the square before turning around and performs two consecutive and poor cartwheels before stopping at the other end of the square
a man flips both arms up and down.
a person is facing forward without moving.
a person is walking across the room and stepping over things.
a man stands still while raising his left arm as if waving oh, he does this several times. then take several steps forward and turns to his left.
person takes large lateral step to the left side
a person drops their arms by their side then walks counterclockwise in a circle while swinging their arms.
a person walking up an elevated surface
a person walks forward, spins around and walks back.
a person walks forward with their hands clasped then turns around.
a person stretching both arms and then moving in odd ways
walking forward while jumping.
person slowly walking down stairs, then turn around and goes upstair
a person hopping one step forward.
a figure has crossed arms the extends them outward making a t with its arms
uses arms to help sit down legs kick up a bit then gets up to walk away
a small dip to gear up for a two legged hop
the person backed up reached over and put some thing in his camera.
a person walks straight forward
a man is taking a step down using his left leg first.
person moves around swaying right to left
a person jogs in place.
person drinks from a can
a person casually walks forward.
person walks forwards and picks up a couple items
this person walks forward, turns and walks back.
a person walks forward slowly
a person uses both hands to throw an object.
a person is learning to the side
person raises their left hand over the head and slowly takes a step backwards.
the person doing like a prey.
a person struts around with their hands on their hips.
a figure exercises by many movements.
a person bends down to pick something up with their right hand
a person walks to his left.
a person is playing tennis
a man raises his arms over head then out from chest makes a circle whis right arm extends over his head and leans to the right stands up then raises left hand and then extends to left side
a person is crouching and shaking while grabbing their head.
person looks to be washing a window with both hands
a person reaches to their crotch with their right hand and pull something down.
a person kneels down on both knees.
a man is jogging at a steady pace while holding arms out in a jogging position.
a person is sitting and picks up something with his right hand and moves it to his face and repeats this.
it appears as if a walking person trips over something or missteps with their left foot.
a person walks forward with the hands raised and then releases them to the sides.
a person is walking with high knees on the spoit in a reverse clockwise motions and then ends in the beginning of the circle.
a person stands around and then throws something.
person moves left and right leg before  moving to the right quickly then the left
a person reaches across their body to reach and grab for something and then drops it.
the person walks forward and seems to be stepping up some steps. he turns around and walks back down the stairs
he raises his left leg behind him and holds it while leaning forward, then lets it down and momentarily loses his balance.
walks forwards, steps body to the side, and then waves. looks approachable and is speaking to a crowd
person stands still moves forward one step on left foot and stumbles
a man is performing some martial arts moves.
a person sprints forward and then turns around.
the man takes 5 steps forward.
a person swings their arms in circles as if they were a monkey.
the person is making up and down hand gestures.
a person lifts a suitcase with right hand.
a person moving body parts in a questionable fashion
a man picks something up and walks over and start interacting with something.
person seem to waving everyone to take their seats
a man stands with his knees bent.
a person walks up to shake with their right hand, turns slightly right to shake again, and turns right again to shake for a final time.
the person rolls with their legs spread apart and starts and ends with their right arm extended above their head.
a person shakes his arms like a bird, leaning forward and back
robot start walking forward while touching handrail with his right hand.
a person stands waving their left hand.
a person is sitting with one leg crossed, then switches and crosses the other leg.
a person stumbles around the floor randomly, swaying and nearly falling.
this person stretches his left arm over head while standing still.
this person moves his hands as if to throw a ball.
a person looks to their left and places their hands on their hips.
a person in a defensive pose leans right then left.
the sim is standing than kicks twice with their left foot, before doing a jumping back kick.
a person pushes an object into the ground with his left hand.
person is using their right arm up to point around
this person put both arms up in front of themselves, while standing still.
the person is dancing galley across the floor.
a person walks aimlessly and slowly in an imperfect circle around the room, lathargecly swaying their arms with each step.
a man seems to be holding something in his left hand and uses his right hand to run along the length of it, and does this several times.
a person uses left arm to hit down to the right and then the right arm crosses over the left side of the body.
a person steps to the side then does a half split.
a man steps in a square while moving his arms in front of him.
a person kicks low with left foot followed by right foot.
a person mimics playing the guitar.
a person starts with their arms out then jogs in place.
the person is walking with support.
a person slowly ran in the place
a figure jogs in place.
a man walks in a forward arc to his left, then returns to his original start.
a person is pacing in a circle
a person steps to the right then crouches down and gets back up
the person washes a window with his left hand and then stretches big.
the person held his arms out wide and put them down to his side while he was sitting.
person moves back sits down then gets up and moves forward
a person taking something and giving it away
a person lifts weights with their left hand
a person moves side to side in a zig-zag fashion backwards.
person is walking quickly up
a person swims forward using breaststroke
the man trudges in a clockwise circle.
a person puts their arms out on something in front of them
a figure walks across the room to the lower right.
a person who is walking forward at a steady pace.
a person dances awkwardly without skill.
a person steps back and kicks forward with their left foot, then steps back again and punches with their right hand.
a person walks to his left in a quarter circle.
a person squats down and then stands back up.
a person walks straight going slightly to the right
a person picks something up from their right side with their left hand, picks something up from their left side with their right hand, and then washes the item in their right with the item in their left.
a person has his hands spread out.
a person is washing a window
the person starts walking then something push them and they starts walking again
person is walking in a circle
a person walks slowly backwards
someone raises their right arm flat in front of them, then puts it back at their side.
the toon jogs in place.
running from side to side quickly.
a person's hands and feet are touching the floor and they push themselves up like doing a push-up
a person leaning forward.
a man repeatedly uses his left arm to reach for something slightly in front of him, back again, then looks to be stirring something.
a person appears to be driving.
a person is marching forward and quickly marching back.
a person is running forward and then backward in a circle.
a person standing up throws something forward from above their head, then throws something again forward from above their head with more force which makes them take one step forward with their right foot.
a person raises both hands to their face before holding their left hand to their head.
person is motioning their hands.
a person is dancing side to side and turning.
a figure walks forward confidently
a person jumps sideways once to the right.
a person wobbles as they walk forward.
a person is raking leaves.
a person does two jumping jacks.
a person jogging in a circle then jogging straight and then to the right
casually walking a few steps and then bending down.  turning around and walking back.
someone waits a moment and jumps to the right
the person is dancing around backwards.
standing still not moving.
person clapping while standing up.
a person is swimming.
a person walking down with both arms raised to the air
a man is standing still, puts his hands together behind his back then bends over and looks to the right then goes back to his beginning position
a person grabbing their right shoulder as if they were hurt
a person appears to be drunk continues to drink from a cup.
a man puts something down in front of him with his right hand, then remains still with his arms at his side for several seconds, before lifting his left hand.
a person reaches down with their right hand then stands up and walks straight forward.
person squats then rotates a quarter of the way clockwise.
person is fixing then throwing something i think.
the person was walking forward pushing something.
a person raising arms to face and thrusting outwards.
the person was hopping on their right foot.
the person walks down a series of stairs.
the character is walking backward to the side, swaying and lifting their feet as to do a line dance motion.
a person sits down, then gets back up.
in a fighting stance, person punches downward with their right hand.
while walking forward, a person takes an extra long step with his left leg.
the person put his arms up and down to the side.
a person walks forward diagonally and then turns to the left.
the person is boxing with their left hand.
a person raises a foot, and then stomps it back down.
a person jumps up into the air, turns his body three quarters of the way around and lands on his feet.
person moves arms in circles while walking forward, then turns around and walks back moving arms in circles.
the person walks forward slowly.
a person kneels down as they hold on to something with their left hand, then gets back up.
the person walks in a clockwise circle
person is sprinting to their left
a person holding something seems to ring a doorbell, then hands someone something, then finally receives something and waves back to the giver.
the man jumps couple of times
the person is walking forwards slowly then trips
person squats down repeatedly with arms raised up to hold weights.
a person leans forward on something.
while slightly hunched over, a person take several small steps forward, gestures with both hands several times, turns to the right and walks in small steps.
a person jumps forward very quickly
the person waves their right arm in circles from bottom to top.
person balances on left foot, winds up their arm like a throw, then simply walks forward on two feet.
a person running straight down
hi cindy drinking a bottle with his left hand.
a person walks forward while holding out their arms for balance
a person is waving to someone in greeting and then waving them to come over.
the person is preforming a swimming stroke know as the butterfly stroke.  the arms swing from behind the head and reenter the water propelling the person forward.
the person touches their face over and over.
a person is sitting down holding their hands together, then moves their hands to a different position.
a person side stepping to the right then to the left while facing forward
a person lifts their left arm, to their head, then to the left before dropping the arm again.
a man takes two steps forward and turns back
a person raises the right hand toward the face, then lowers it.
a person walks with their head down and turns in a circle while searching the ground.
a person steps forward, turns to the side and gestures several times.
a person repeatedly holds both hands above their head and then swings them forward and down rapidly with force.
a person is throwing something with his left hand.
person picks up something on their left side and moves it to their right side
the person backed up and sat down.
a man stretches his upper body left and right.
a person stands with their left foot in front of their right and wobbles to their right to maintain balance
a person walks towards the screen starting at the top left and then across the screen towards the bottom right, making an l.
a person with their right arm on their waist leans to their left with their left arm extended
pauses then takes a big step to the right.
a man extends his right arm up over his head, while his left arm is bent in front of his chest.
a person swings something with both hands
a person jumps backwards and has to steady themselves.
figure runs in place crouches and walks in crouch.
a person walks up a ladder with their right foot.
the person is jumping up and down.
a person continuously grabs something from their left side with their right hand and then discards it to the side.
stick figure sits down with legs crossed then stands back up
this person has arms raised then lowers them to his sides.
a person slowly walked backward, and returned
a man walks from side to side while holding his left forearm with right hand, and then walks back
a person walks forward at fast pace.
person walks slow while balancing and holding onto something with their right hand.
a man dances around backwards in a circle with his left hand stretched out.
person lift both arms halfway up to their head. person uses hands to comb and brush hair in a downward motion.
a person waves both of their hands in the air.
a person walks forward, bends over, picks up an object with both hands, then turns around and walks back with the object.
the person is handing soemthing.
a person is running back and forth.
a person briskly walks foward swinging their right arm back and forth.
moving arms up and down in sync.
a man jumps low then jumps high then waves his arms in an arc around his body.
walking forward in a straight line.
a person moves their arms around in front of them
a person lifts their arms and bows from the waist.
laying down on face and crawling backwards.
a person walks forward and kicks something with his left foot.
a person walks in a line starting first to the left, then forward, then right for a distance, and then forward again.
the sim appears to be using box hands in the boxing formation.
a person leaned on the floor, and bend the body
a person sitting down gets up the walks forward, then turns around the walks back and sits back down.
a person is collecting an item from its left then petting an animal on the right
the person does two jumping jacks by raising both arms above their head while jumping and seperatind legs to the side and the jumping back to both feet together and arms by their side
a person takes step to jump upward, then takes a few steps back to run forward to throw right arm outward.
the man walks in a circular motion
a person steps downstairs while swaying arms.
the person walks forward with right foot first then stops.
a person jumps forwards casually..
a person walking forward, turning around, and walking back.
a person walks backwards swinging his or her arms.
the person is running forward.
someone wobbles on their knees, then bends their right arm to push something down.
the person does several jumping jacks.
the person is walking then jump and continues to walk
the man turns his head to look to his right then turn and looks to his left.
a person jumps sideways once to the left.
someone is learning a dance
running front on the floor.
the figure is sitting there is no movement, the legs aren't too food apart but they are a little the arms are resting beside the body as opposed to on top of the thighs.
person lifts both hands up shoulder height bend in elbow
person is making a basketball move
swimming in place quickly.
a person sits down, rests their hands on their knees, and then stands back up.
figure shadow boxes right to left
this person ducks under something then climbs up and over it.
a man waves, then turns around and repeats.
a person walks forward, moving up with each step.
a person raises his arm and wiggles his elbow twice before taking two steps back.
person walks forward speedily then abruptly stops
a figure does the macarena dance
someone is standing on the ground but they are putting their hands in their face.
this person pushes away with his left hand then lifts both arms to his sides.
the stick figure person camly lifts his left hand  and camly places it back.
a man steps diagonally to his left,  then turns and steps diagonally backwards, then to his left again, and then back, as if he is dancing alone.
the man is doing starjumps
a person walks forward to the left, steps up going back to the left and steps down two times.
a person walks straight forward and then turns to the left.
a man holds something in his left hand and manipulates it with his right hand.
someone trying to throw something
a person wraps something around their waist and fastens it.
a person walks to the side horizontally and then back and forth.
a person raised the left hand
a person picks something up , shakes it, then pours it into something else
a person walks forward two steps turns on left foot and walks back two steps.
a person puts their left hand up by their head
a person slightly bends their knees and then jumps forward.
person walks then turns left
a man holds his arms up at shoulder length, with his left arm held further from his body, and dances in a counterclockwise circle without turning his body.
a person steps up onto something long, walks across it, then steps down on the other side
a man crawls on the floor and then gets up.
a person is jogging in place.
a person puts his right hand on his left shoulder, turns around, and puts his right hand on his shoulder again.
person stans straight with hands to the side. hands move slightly but not much and person does a small hop forward
a person limps while putting their hands on their left leg
a person bends their arms at the elbows and paws at their face
person is balancing on left leg and kicking their leg about
a person spinned the handsa and bend on the knee and hit something
a person goofily walks around in a counterclockwise motion.
a person walks while holding on to something.
a person lowers to sit down cross legged and then stands back up.
a person takes steps in a circle and gestures angrily.
the person is focused on walkind and pacing around.
a man moves side to side and  spins trying to make a salsa dance movement.
a person strafes left then to the right
a person slowly paces back and forth.
a person dances with their hands out forward.
a man standing on a yoga mat.
a person walks forward diagonally.
the man is walking steadily not fast but not slow ,swinging his arms down word right to left right to left one foot in front of the other now one foot in front of the other.
a person lowers his arms and then raises them to shoulder height
a person walks forward, leans over an object, then stands back up and walks backward.
a person laying on the floor mimicking the backstroke.
a person holds their head with both hands then bats away something with their right hand.
a figure begins running, stops at the edge, turns around, and runs back to the starting point.
raising hand to face then lowering it.
a man steps forward and scuffs the ground with his right foot, then steps back to his original position.
a person walks in a circle counter clockwise twice.
a man puts on headphones and begins moving his body to the music.
a person is standing up and then turns around, then sits back down and rests arms on something.
a person standing still and then puts arms up in the air
a person does a small 180 degree jump turn then turns back around to the front.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person walks diagonally to the right pauses with hand raised and then walks back.
person holding the head with left hand while standing
figure side steps to the right.
person takes a large step to the right and loses balance slightly then is stationary
a person stands with left foot in front of right, leans the upper body to the right awkwardly, then straightens the upper body.
a person pushes himself up from a sitting position, walks clockwise and starts to sit down on the ground again.
a person stretches their hips, then arms, then bends forwards and steps forwards.
he stands and wobbles slightly, as if trying to stay steady in the wind
the person picks up a phone with their right hand and holds it to their right ear.
a man lays down on his stomach and seems to be making paddling motions like he's swimming.
a man starts jogging forward quickly.
the person did a tennis match with his right hand.
this person spins around with arms extended to his sides.
a person is walking around casually
the person is laughing very hard.
a man steps forward, then brushes something at knee height with his left arm, then steps back and stretches his arms out to either side.
a man walks straight down
the man stood up from the chair and walked towards the living room.
a person jumps from side to side right to left.
person jogs up a few paces then stops
a person typing up there shoes and putting on a mask
a man is playing a violin.
this person is sitting and moving his left arm as if to eat.
a person jogs back and forth diagonally before stepping to return to their original position.
a person is walking and steps over a large gap
the person is moon dancing backwards.
person gets up off the ground and then lowers torso forward bending down both arms apart
a person picks something up, holds it up to the left, and then places it back.
both arms are lifted up so the hands meet the shoulders.
a person starts walking, puts both hands sideways while walking and puts hands down and stops walking.
walking forward with hands covering face.
a person is eating something.
a person uses both hands to wash his face and hair
a person lifts an object above head with both arms.
a man steps in a square while moving his arms in front of him.
the man take sideways steps to the left.
the person starts running quickly
a man swings his arms as he steps forward heavily, then turns and walks back.
a person may take small, deliberate steps when recovering from surgery.
a person sitting down, with their hands slightly elevated.
a person has a bent arm at the right side, then brings the right arm over their head
the person took a leap forward and then turned around and took a leap pack.
a person walks casually and high fives with their right hand.
stand and touch the legs.
a person leans right while adjusting something then step around to their left to touch something woth their left hand.
a person lifts up both arms in unison and drops them, repeatedly.
a man walks up stairs with his left arm out.
someone slowly walking forward a few steps
a person is shaking their arms.
the person walk forward at a medium speed.
the person is walking towards the right.
person skipping jauntily forward in a slightly diagonal path.
the person leans over the sink while washing the dishes
person walks forward, leans down with right hand on right knee and left hand stretching forward.
a man stirs something anti-clock wise with his left hand.
a person walks forward in a clockwise semi-circle
this person walks forward taking very wide steps right and left.
a person walks slowly while looking side to side.
a person walks over multiple objects in a straight line.
a person stands in one place while their arms and upper body move around
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides raises his arms above his head and waves his arms above his head two times before dropping his arms down to his sides.
person walks from back centre to slightly front right
a person does four jumping jacks then two forward leg jumps.
person puts his arms down to his side and moves them in a circle motion then puts his arms back up
a person standing brings hands together in front of him to applaud
someone is stepping up a staircase and using the handrail
a man walking makes a right turn
person siting down dials phone then stands up to walk while taking then sits back down and ends call
a person raises their hand to their mouth listlessly.
the person is walking straight forward.
the person has both hands raised to his chest as if he is holding onto something.
a person takes a step forward bending their arm in a flexing motion.
a person walks two steps straight forward and then walks in a slight curve to their left.
the person walked four steps forward.
a man is throwing his right arm towards the ground while walking forward.
person makes kicking ball motion right leg
a person circles his arms while raising his shoulders up and down.
he got something may be a cleaner then cleaned or worked on somrthing.
a person walks forward turning to the left.
the person pounces on something and picks it up, then gets up to walk away.
a person raises their right hand up and down multiple times.
a person walks forward, swivels, and then walks in the other direction.
trips backwards slightly while leading with left foot.
a person stands in place and looks as if he is holding something as he uses his left hand to toss it.
a man is walking forward, spins around clockwise on his right foot the walks back to where he started from
a standing figure claps his hands.
a person bends over and bows deeply then rises.
a person walks forward and upward.
a person grabbed something and put it somewhere
a person dances side to side while extending and descending their right arm first, then their left arm, followed by a turning motion with another extension of the left arm.
a person swift the upper codre body, and start to stretch it
a person standing still and then walking a zig-zag
a person holding something with both his hands and throws it back with right hand.
a person raises and lowers their hands, as if expecting to catch something.
a man claps hands together.
a person waves, swinging both arms out them back in and down
a person walks forward and puts up right hand for support as if he is stepping over something.
a man walks quickly from the back of the platform to the front, then stops.
a person walks forward while leaning on something to their right.
the person takes a few steps and starts jumping while rotating their ams.
person jogs on the spot
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides steps forward and uses his right hand to brace his body as he continues forward.
a man steps forward and then kicks vigorously with his left leg, then backs up to his starting posiiton.
he walks forward than turns backward
a person who seems to be imitating a chicken
a person throwing an object ( a ball) in a pitching stance using the left arm.
a man extends right arm, then moves arm around at the elbow.
a person walking forward and then turns around
person is doing karate, licking a couple times, then punching forward and to the right side
look like the person is walking a step on something
a person appears to be giving instruction by showing the location of something with their hands.
the person goes from a standing position, to a seated position with the end of the legs facing left.
a person is walking on uneven terrain.
a perosn waves their hands around in the air while they rotate counterclockwise.
a with his arms raised brings them back in, moves them back out, moves then towards his head, then stretches them back out.
a stick figure stands legs apart and with both arms bent in a w position before dropping their left arm down towards their right leg and then returning to the orginal position
a man stands still while raising his right arm as if waving oh, he does this several times. then take several steps forward and turns to his right.
a person slouches and holds their arms close to their chest.
person does 4 kicks, two forward and two going back.
a figure slightly tugs his left forearm with the right hand, first to the left and then to the right.
the man walks forward at a normal pace
a person who seems to be dancing in the style of waltz
a person is pushed forward and recovers standing up.
a person drinks with their left hand.
a man does a cartwheel, turns around and walks away.
a person walks forward slowly.
the person is stirring with the right hand.
a man quickly walks across a room.
a red and blue stick figure walks straight and makes a turn to his left.
the person is running ahead.
figure shadow boxes left to right
a person is walking in a squiggly pattern.
a man walks forward and then jerks suddenly towards the left then continues to walk forward.
a person does a single jump
a person jogs to one side, turns around and jogs to the other, turns around and jogs back to their original position.
standing up and then walking around then sitting back down.
a person walks while slightly turning clockwise.
a person is pushed lightly from the left side.
a person walks diagonally backwards
person is reaching down for something.
in this one a person is stand
someone staggers forwards to the right and put their left arm on an object.
the person is putting his right arm on his head.
running forward and stopping.
a person gets on their hands and knees and crawls forwards.
a person takes a few steps forward, then slightly at the waist and move something with the right hand, then takes a few steps back.
a person raises their left wrist and then lowers it again.
person is doing a black magic spell.
a character is crouching over with their hands in front of them as to make the motion of searching through a file cabinet.
a person walks forward then turns around and sits on the ground, then they cross and uncross their legs, and keep both hands and both feet on the ground.
a person is running on the spot.
a person walks forward, the raises its left arm up and down twice.
the person raises both hands, then lowers their right hand.
a man is doing jumping jacks.
a person rotates 180 degrees to their right while taking a step backwards. the person then reaches down with their left hand, before bringing the hand up to their face, twisting slightly at the waist, before setting the object back down with the left hand, and turning to the right to face the original direction.
a person walks in an arc to the right, then turns and walks in an arc to the left.
a man takes slow dramatic steps down a ramp.
a person squats slightly moving from side to side then steps their left foot backward.
a person hops on their left foot, jumps with both feet wide apart then jumps again with their feet closer together
throws both hands up in a triumph type way toward bottom left does a half turn to bottom right and repeats the process doing a complete circle.
a person waves with their right hand.
a person is crwoched down with their knees bent, puts their right arm up and down three times.
a man swings his arms as he steps forward heavily, then turns and walks back.
a man paces back and forth along the same line.
the sim takes a couple steps forward, then turning to their right before walking back the opposite direction.
a man sits on the ground and then throws an object with his right hand.
a person starts out squatting or sitting with hands on knees, raises his left forearm with fingers pointing up, and then he directs his left and right palms toward each other with slightly cupped hands, as if he is holding a ball.
a person completes a wave
the person is doing toe touching exercises.
person casually walks forward, left hand moving with right leg and right hand moving with left leg.
a person sits and holds both hands to their mouth, eating something.
a person kneeling down to a quick crawl, before jumping back up swiftly.
a person walks to the left the walks back to the right.
a person slowly walks diagonally to his left while searching for something, sometimes putting his hands above his eyes.
moving arms side to side near chest.
a person acts as if they are dialing and talking on a phone.
a person raises their right hand above their head, then sets it back down.
a person is performing jumps
a man lowers his arms, then moves something in front of his face.
a man walks fowards in a straight line
a person is jumping up and down
a person is moving to the right and left, trying to dodge something
motion of body moves to its right and then to its left.
moving forward and jump on the floor and come backward.
person steps forward with left leg and then does a high kick with right leg
the person is walking forward and turns right.
a person walks forward, then runs diagonal, then walks to the side and then runs back to the starting point.
a person runs in place then walks backward then squats down and walks forward.
the body is bent forward clucking back and forth.
a person swing the left hand
person walking backward in circular motion
the right hand is straight up in the air as the left hand is straight down back and forth.
a person throws an uppercut from the left arm.
a man is bending on his knees to grab something
a man uses his left arm to unzip his pants
a man turns his head slightly, then walks in a slow counterclockwise circle.
figure appears to be dancing and incorporates a nice slide in there
a man starts to stand up from laying down.
a man is pacing back and forth in a straight line.
a person hugs themselves while rocking side to side then rubs their hands together in front of their face
a person jogs forward and stops.
the sim is standing with both arms & hands folded in front of their jaw moving from right to left.
a person lunges forward and catches their balance.
the person looks like heโs throwing a baseball
hopped on right foot swieled arms
a person jumps up and then lands
person seems to be preparing food
a person walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
a person salsa dances around
person is doing across punch to the right.
a figure boxes left to punch twice.
a person bends over and flaps his arms.
a man walkes slowly forward
a person walks at a normal pace
a man pats with his right hand twice; bends down with his right reeling back his hand back up twice and pats with his hand one more time then turns around walking forward
a man raising both arms at the same time, then geting on his/her hands an knees, then standing back up.
a man uses his hands to bounce a basketball twice and takes two big steps forward, then jumps up high with the basketball in his hands and brings his hands up and lets go of the basketball to score a point.
person looks to be throwing their hands around randomly on the spot
a person stands while holding something in his right hand up to his head and then returns it
person is dancing arounds arms up.
the person is sitting back making a phone call.
the person is walking forward turning right.
figure moves downwards forward in area.
a person is walking in a counter counterclockwise circle.
a person stands slightly bent over with both it's left and right arms connected in the center of their body. the figure then sways its connected hands from right to left slowly.
a man lowers his arms to his side, then lifts his left hand to tap at something in front of him at chest and head level, before lowering it to his side.
a person makes a step slightly sideways and forward.
a man walks forwards whilst putting his arms in front of him holding something.
a person who seems to be rubbing his/her torso
person in an aggressive stance walks casually forward in a horizontal direction
a person lowers and raises their arms perpendicular to their body to 90 degrees.
a person jogs forward swinging arms.
a person walked on a slanted line to the right.
a person lowers his arms, walks forward, turns counterclockwise, walks forward again, turns around clockwise, and starts walking back.
this person jumps up and down several times in place.
a person raised the hand and after grabbed something with left hand
a person jumps in place
a man is standing with his feet shoulder width apart and his arms by his side.  he then begins to wave both hands over his head.  the hands meet above his head and then extend out to his side parallel to the ground.  he waves in this manner several times.
the man is walking slowly
a person squats twice while holding a barbell over his head.
a man raises his hands up on the air,starts clapping and then lowers them down.
a person walking around in a room
a man steps back and observes the area then walks aggressively forward.
a peson throws something with his left hand and then catches it
a person is standing up straight, with their arms stretched out. they then bring both hands toward their face simultainiously.
a person first puts his left arm through the sleeves of a pullover, then his right arm, and then brings the pullover over his head and adjusts the pullover in his body.
a person bends over and first pulls on something with their right hand, then pulls it out and sets it down.
the person is john going forward.
a person raises his hands to his face to provide comfort from toothache pain.
the person is pulling out a gun.
a person puts his left hand on his right shoulder, turns around, and puts his left hand on his shoulder again.
a person does a flurry of hand motions like they are boxing.
the person is walking from left to right.
a person curls up in a ball
the person was running forward.
a person with both arms bent is shuffling slowly leading with their right leg, then the began to turn and lead with their left.
a man scratches his head with his left hand.
person goes from sranding position, then slowly bends with arms towards floor to brace themselves while bending knees and sitting down on the ground. once seated crosses legs and sits indian style.
a person moves both their arms to the side, and then raises their left arm
a person acts as if they are picking up a bucket of water and pours it out.
the person is looking at an accident.
running forward and kicking.
the man does 3 jumping jacks.
a person saunters towards the screen.
a person is sliding backwards along the floor in a counter clockwise motion.
moving the hands and stay stand.
a person walks forward slowly.
a man has one hand on his head and the other crossed, then puts both hands on head as if sad.
the man jumps twice into the air.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls forward on all fours, then they turn around and crawl back again, then stand back up.
the man walked forward, spun left on one foot and walked back to his original position.
a person touches each elbow to the opposite knee then spreads his legs and starts to do squats.
a person walking up and down a small step.
the man is doing push recovery stand
someone is pulling something out using their left hand, and their right hand as leverage.
the person hit the ball with his tennis rackets.
the person look like he was putting out a cigarette butt with his left foot.
the figure takes a few steps and falls to its all fours, remaining in that position before standing and stepping a few times again, pauses and turns clockwise to walk.
a person is walking in an erratic pattern.
a person stands with their arms up and forward.
a person walks in a s shaped line.
a person kicks in front of them with their right foot.
a lady kicks a ball while sprinting to get it into the goal for her team.
a person walks forward, then turns around then walks back.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides raises both of this hands above his head, lowers his hands to his sides and steps forward.
the person grabs something above then, then shimmies to the left, then searches for something
moved arms outward slightly then back to his sides.
a person is clapping his hands in front of his chest.
a person walks forward and trips on something.
a person balances on their right leg while leaning.
a person is jogging around
a man stands up from the ground, walks in a clockwise circle, sits back down on the ground, and then starts to push himself back up to his feet.
moving arm out to shake hands.
user is bouncing with feet on ground and pushes hands out slightly
person looks like they are walking up stairs.
a person goes and sits down
a person puts his left hand to his head and searches back and forth
a person raises their left up then puts it down
a man starts with his right arm up near his head, then lowers it so both hands are on his thighs, then lifts both hands to chest level, shakes them, and returns them to his thighs.
a person walks jauntily
a person walks forward slowly.
a man lifts his ams and bends them repeatedly.
a person jumps into wide stance with his arms making a v shape and then jumps back into a normal, relaxed stance.
a person running in a line
the person is walking forward to doing it weโre all turning around and walking backwards
the person is making a forward jump.
the person hands their cigarettes to the to the friend
a person takes one step to the right
the toon is standing still before raising both hands to making a "rolling" motion as to be in a exercise routine.
person has their hand on their head while moving around in random directions. appears to be fatigued and sick
a person stretches to the right and left then bends over to touch the ground before standing up again.
walking forward then to the side.
person reaches out left arm in front of them, puts their arm down, then reaches again with left arm.
the person starts lighting their arm up and down
the person is walking forward turning left.
a person stretches their back left hamstring, this is a feeling that feels pleasant if done correctly
a person is stepping around while their hands are behind their back
person is running forward quickly.
he walks then shuffles his leg
a man walks forward with an unbalanced gait, waving his arms and walking unevenly, before turning arond and ending in a standing position.
a person holds their arms out in a horizontal fasion and then begins to "knod" his head forward as if he was overlooking a crowd. they then step forward a few steps and start to knod their head again.
a person slowly bends over from the waist and picks something up with their left hand and then raises up to a standing position again.
a person takes two steps forward then raises their right hand and waves continuously
a person writes on a board in front of them with right hand.
the man lifts a dumbbell with his right hand
figure in static motion in no direction or motion moves arms outwards.
a man waves twice with his left hand.
a man does 3 star jumps.
a person is swinging his arms back-and-forth like a monkey.
a person stands while moving their left arm as if eating something with a spoon or fork three times.
a person walks slowly balancing on something.
a person walks forward and then stops.
this person sits as if to play a drum.
a person appears to be looking around.
a person raises their arms and throws them back down in frustration
a person walks forward using a handrail to guide them
a person is standing, and then lift their left arm as if to check the time on their watch
person seems to be driving
a man walks, clockwise, in a circle.
the man is moving his body and making moves
a person lifts each knee towards the opposite elbow
a person runs up and down a small hump.
a person climbs up something, turns around and climbs back down.
a sitting person sits up straight, than stands and finally sits back down.
a person crosses their arms left over right then the opposite, and raises both arms overhead like they are dancing
person person is sitting on a white machine lifting arm weights.
the person puts both arms together and moves them around.
this person jogs forward quickly.
the figure walks foward from left to right.  i looks like it is is holding onto something for support.  the movement seems slow and laboured.
person starts with both arms extended out to body then moves forward one foot in front another same line then stops
a person raises their left arm in front of them.
it want let me load the video onto my screens
a man confidently walks down a ramp with a measured pace.
a person stands with arms out to the sides, then brings his hands together as if grasping a golf club, leans over, and strokes from right to left.
this person appears to open a door then walks forward.
person stands still and moves hips in a counterclockwise position
a person breifly plays an imaginary viola.
person has left hand cupped and held against the head while waving with the right hand.
a person stretches their arms forward and to the side.
a person walks confidently forward, turns completely around and walks back, and finally turns once more before standing still.
person is standing with shoulders slumped and looking lazy
a person bring out his wallet from his wallet then took out some money then kept the wallet back in the pocket
a person sits and crosses their right leg over their left leg while resting both arms, before promptly standing and walking to the left.
the person leaned to the left and the walk forward to the right.
the person is dancing the cha cha .
a person stumbles to the left but quickly catches himself.
a person turns to his right with his right arm raised above his head.
a person is slightly crouched and then raises their arms
a man bends his knees and rocks back and forth.
a person just woke up then start to make a phone call
the man moves to the side
a person jumps repeatedly, throwing their arms above their head and stretching their legs with each jump.
a person picks something up, holds it up to the right, and then places it back.
a person is initially walking straight then changed direction in a rounded fashion toward the right.
man is holding something with both hands and raises left hand and returns it to item he is holding.
a person standing on a pedestal , saluting ahead.
person jumps in 360 degree motion
a person walks forwards, grabs something with his right hand then turns around and walks back to where he came from
a man moves forward and does a cartwheel.
the figure walked in a curve slightly to the right.
a person flips to the left side.
a person puts both hands together grasping an object and swings to their right.
a person stepping forward and then walking to the right and stepping up one step then stepping up the second step
a person shifts their midsection in a circular motion.
a person moved in left direction
the sim appears to pick up a phone, bringing it to their left ear.
a standing person lifts their left hand and slowly touches their head
a person looks down to the ground, steps back with the right foot, and then left, squats to sit down.
a person is walking randomly
a person grabs an object and then raises it, tilting it before setting it down.
the person is walking normally towards me.
cautiously leaping over the blocked walkway, while carefully stepping over whatever was in the way of him being able to step up on the ledge.
person looks like their running up and kicking a ball
person throws object with right hand then uses both hands together to pull an item in to body
person approaches slowly then climbs stairs
someone is clapping their hands
a person takes four steps forward.
a person crosses and then uncrosses their arms.
a person claps with both hands .
the person is walking forward using both their right and left hand for balance. their right and left hand are pressing down on something to help them walk. they put their left foot directly in front of the right and then the right directly in front of the left they stop walking and stand
someone crawling forward then getting up and walking back to their original spot
person squatting then raising both arms to 90 degrees
the person is holding his arms straight out.
a person jumps on his right foot several times then on his left foot then on his two feet
a person performs a squatting motion and lifts arms horizontally
a person stands up, walks in a circle, and sits back down.
a person makes a reeling motion with their hands while slowly going from hunched over to straight, and then tiptoes in a small circle, and then repeats the hand motion.
a person appears to be seated turning a large wheel back and forth.
a person lifts an object with both hands from a horizontal position to their left, and holds it in a vertical position to their right, with their right hand on top, then they return it to the starting position.
a man walks to the left and then to right and then comes to a stop in the middle.
a person is performing a partner dance.
the person is greeting  someone.
a person walks on a beam with arms straight up in the air, stops and lowers his arms.
a person walks slowly towards the left while slowly raising a hand and then walking backwards.
a person reaches up t the left with right hand, and then up to the right with left hand.
the person struggles to walk straight
a person jumps in the air while simultaneously turning to the left, and lands facing the person's left.
the person is washing his body.
a person walks forward with shoulders held high.
a person is throwing an object up... as in a kid tosses a ball into the air before swinging it's bat.
someone raises both hands, and then begins to wave.
a person jumps forward and kicks out with their left foot.
the person is walking forward then turning around.
a man sidesteps from left to right and back again.
a person stands casually and shifts their weight from their left foot to right foot
a person walks forward, turns to the right, and continues to walk.
a person slaps out in front of them.
the person picks up one container with each hand, pours them at the same time, then grabs something with their right hand and mixes the concoction.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward and stops.
figure appears to be walking back and forth
a man quickly walks in place.
a person walks and hops sideways to his left
the person is holding his hand in front of his face.
the person has a conversation with his neighbor
the person is walking straight backwards.
a person takes four steps forward, walking at a somewhat quick pace.
a man slowly sways from side to side, sightly bending his knees.
the person is walking towards the right.
person walks backwards slowly, crouches, walks forwardss when crouching, and then sprints backwards. then, moves forwards again walking at a fairly fast pace
the  person with walking forward and hurt his left foot.
a person relaxes arms down to side of body, then makes a drinking motion with their left hand.
person steps forward and slightly leans down, and then proceeds to dial a phone.
a person walking forward in a steady pace
he walks or saunters forward.
a man is crouching while moving both arms up and down.
a man land leans forward, then takes a small step forward
the person slowly walks forward and then stops and stands.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
the person is working normally.
a person performs four jumping jacks.
someone has their arms extended upwards, raises and lowers them
a figure lowers to their knees and sexy crawls.
a man wiping something with left hand.
a person waving with the right hand.
someone kneels down and then lifts hands together under chin like praying.
the person is walking on a treadmill.
a person twists to their left and picks up something with their left hand to bring to their mouth.
a person jogs happily in place.
a man moves his hands in front of his face.
a person relaxes their limbs, swinging them aimlessly, before bending down and stretching out.
a person does crazy break dancing.
a person walking forward bending over and either petting or wiping something
a person tosses out a small object to a crowd
a person walks backward, runs forward, and walks backward again.
a man is doing a squat.
a man walks up and down from either stairs, rocks, or some unlevel terrain requiring a step.
a person stands up from being on their stomach.
the man squats down and shivers several times before standing back up.
a man takes a large single stride slightly out to the front and right, leading with his right leg.
a person runs forward quickly
a person climbs stairs while using the railing
the man is in a accident
a person sways while walking.
from a standing position, the person walks at a moderate pace forward, turning their body to be facing left when they stop.
a man walks foward slowly and then stops.
a person walks straight and rests his right feet.
a person in a t shape, bends down to the right and back up.
the person walks in a counterclockwise oval.
a person turns completely around, leaps forward, takes a step as he turns back around, then walks back to where he started.
the person is doing a dance twirl
a person walks from the right hand side to the left hand side in a waving path and then stops while facing towards the left.
person is making circular movements with both arms
a person waving hands to the crowd holding microphone on his other hand, while moving back and forth
a person throws something and catches something.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs
a person hoping on a platform
a figure stumbles backwards then forwards repetitively as though drunk
a person hops on just their left leg and then hops on just their right leg and then comes down to land on both feet at the same time.
a man is walking forward and stumbles
the man moves sideways and back
the person put his hands on his knees.
a person sitting on the floor scratches their head and then leans back on their left hand.
a person who seems to be imitating a chicken
a person, walking forward, and after doing slow move with left leg, and walk back
a person walks backwards then turns their back to continue to walk before turning around and walking back the other way.
a person raises their right arm and streches to their left side.
a person is crouched and shaking.
a person looks around, looks at his left wrist, then walks backwards and forwards
the person is walking holding  his arms.
the sim walks in a loop fashion before turning around & walking in a straight line.
a person walks up to a table. picks up a cup with their right and left hand then pours them in a jar.
a person takes a few steps and forcefully pushes something into the air with their left hand.
figure carefully tip toes forward.
person is slow walking ahead.
a person moves sideways to the left and then sideways back to the right and then one more step to the left.
a person walks forward counterclockwise, completing one full circle.
a man walks carefully so as not to step on something.
a person is doing a dance.
jogging forward a couple of feet
a person runs in place, and then springs to the right, then to the left, and back to their starting position.
moving hands and then sitting.
man stands straight up with his hands out in front of him and creates a patting motion in the air continuously.
person slightly leans forward and appears to be holding chest and neck.
man briskly walking on the treadmill, trying to reach the calorie burning goal indicated on screen, after a big lunch with childhood friends.
a figure walks up hill.
the right hand extends above the side while the legs step up to climb.
raising hands in the air.
a person steps with his or her left foot crossing in front of the right, squatting to the floor with his or her legs crossed. then stands back up and uncrosses legs to come back to a standing position without hardly moving the right foot.
a man holds a drink in his right hand, opens it with the left hand, and then lifts the vessle to his mouth to drink.
a person runs forward, jumps and lands, and then turns to the side.
a person waves with left hand.
a person stepping out the way
the person is walking around.
a person waves with right hand.
a man in a running position races four steps forward, slides to a stop and takes another step forward.
a person standing still uses their right arm to curl an object two times.
a person takes a step to the left then swings their right arm
the person is doing a sideways arabesque dance
a man lifts a box from one side and sets it to the side .
a person walking up steps
a person turns to the left, then to the right before bending over and making a scooping motion with his right hand.
person marchs and then turns around.
man does jumping jacks while standing in place.
person is bending over at the waist, then back up.
person holding hands clapsed together near face then person lowers arms out tp front
a person walking slightly to the left
a person picks an object off the ground, and then uses it to wipe something off.
a person warms up pectorals by moving arms inwards and outwards.
a man stands on the ground, stretches his left and right leg and then stands with his hands in a bow shape.
a person crouching forward then leaps over something.
a person sits and puts their hands up, then moves their hands from side to side.
a person grabbing something and then walking with object, while looking down the entire walk.
the figure raises its right arm then swats downward and foward.
a person folds their arms across their chest.
this person with arms out to his sides lowers them and raises them again.
a person walks clockwise to the right.
someone is doing the salsa dance steps repetitively.
a person walks forward and jumps over an object, then turns around to jump over it again and walk back.
a man is sitting and puts his hands on his knees.
a person slowly jumped forward
person is doing squat exercise
a person stretches their right arm above their head.
a man crosses his arms in an impatient manner.
a person slowly stumbles from side to side, with an s shaped route.
a person waving there left hand above the right and then patting the right hand and then clapping there hands and putting them arms out forward
the person takes a big step left with its red leg.
a person doing jumping rope
the person pours something then starts mixing
a person touches their hair with their left hand.
a person walks forward avoiding a gap.
a person jogs in a clockwise circle with their hands bent in front of them moving forward and backwards.
the man walks across to get something walks back then back again to put the thing back.
a person walks forward, pushed towards the left then retrieves back to the right.
a person walks forward several steps and then stumbles to the left.
the man rake a few steps and hops then finished walking in a circle.
a person trips over something on his left leg and stumbles forward.
a standing figure aggressively overhand swings their left arm from behind them towards the front of them.
the person walks confidently forward and then continues walking while turning around counterclockwise the way it started.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person steps back and kicks forward with their right foot, then steps back again and punches with their left hand.
a man looks like he is walking forward and is also walking up something like stairs.
a man takes a sitting pose and raises his arms up and down and then streches his right harm to the far right.
a person has his legs spread and arms crossed.
a person walks to the left and sat down with his fingers slightly up.
a person jumped while raising the hands and repiting it
a person lifts an object to his mouth with his right hand as he tilts his head back.
person walks right and picks something up
a person throws something with their right hand
a figure stretches by twisting from side to side with arms outstretched then rolls their arms as well
a person catches an object with both hands and runs forward slightly to his right.
a person extends their left hand and shakes it.
a person jogs in place
a person acting like a cat pruning and purring
a figure winds up for the pitch.
the person is walking forward slowly.
a man walks forward with his hands swiftly at his side.
a person slowly walked forward while balancing in left direction
a person is dancing with arms in  air moving side to side.
a person holds their arms up and turns from right to left while waving their arms
person is motioning their hands.
a person slowly and stiffly walks in a circle while facing forward
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle then walks straight ahead, doing a little run from side to side before turning back around and walking in the other direction.
the person walks forward and is wiping something.
a person walks right, turns left and dunks and waves arms.
a standing person gently sways back and forth from left foot to right foot.
a person lifting a dumbbell twice with his left arm.
a person is balancing on a narrow path.
a person veers to the right while walking.
it looks like someone may be a little intoxicated as he stumbles back and appears to maybe be talking on the phone.
a bird lifts its wings and moves them up and down, as if it were preparing to fly.
a person appears to be playing tennis and shoots the ball with the racket in his left hand
a person leans on something and grabs their leg with their hand
a person raised the both hands, and showed some jesture
a person walks curved to the left.
a person drinks with their left hand
a person is crawling slowly backwards.
a person raises both arms to his face, then drops them back to his sides.
person is clasping hands together in a forward and back motion whilst being stood upleft
the man crouches down to avoid being hit by something.
a man is picking something up and placing it down to his left.
a person bends down to pick something up with their left hand
a person throwed something with left hand
a person jogs in place slowly at first, then picks up the pace.
a person standing up and swaying
a person claps with their hand, then walks to the right, then sits down.
the person is holding onto to handrails.
a person is dribbling a ball.
the person crawls forward at a slow speed
moving there hands and do like a exericses.
a man swings right arm across body.
the person is walking on uneven terrain.
a man lifts an object to his face with his right hand.
a man walks forward, reaches the edge of the shaded area and halts
a man wiggles his arms in front of him.
a person uses their right hand to wipe down something.
a man runs straight forward
a person extends their left arm outwards then back to their shoulder, in a curling motion.
a person walks toward the front, turns to the right, bounces into a squat , and places both arms in front of chest before placing them on the knees.
a person walks to his right in a circle
it seems like he got something then batted something.
a man takes a few steps forward while swinging his arms, then stops.
someone appears to be stretching they turn their upper body in a counter clockwise direction and then leans upper body from side to side
person is walking in a circle
a person walks slowly forward and ever so slightly to the left, then stops; body language seems aggressive.
a person dances, swaying their hips and arms alternately from side to side.
the person is standing in place.
a person bends their body forward once and then places their hand on their face and bends forward twice again.
a person lifts dumb bell with its right hand.
the man strikes a pose with his arms in the air
the person is scratching their head in confusion.
a person is standing in one place, then reaches up and scratches his head.
a perosn standing up with both their hand together forming a circle shape cherring and clapping motioning their left arm forward
a person kicks their legs in front of them one after the other
a person walks forwards at a normal pace.
a person points his right arm straight out in front on him, then returns it to his side.
a person kicks with their right leg
a person is on the ground on their knees, gets up into a standing position, and then sits back down on their knees.
the person walks on all fours.
the person slide left his right foot.
a person is speaking into a microphone while waving.
a person grabbed something and throw it away
a man stands with his arms folded.
a person crouches down to crawl four steps forward and to his right, then turns around and crawls back to where he started before standing up.
a person starts on his knees and stands up.
a person using the left arm to reach for something.
a person cleaning the window
a person stretching their upper body and back.
a person walks to their left, then lies down, then stands up.
a person raises both his arms over his head
a person walks up some stairs, turns around, and walks back down them.
she jumps up and down, kicking her heels in the air.
a person sidesteps once to the right.
a figure gets down on all fours then raises its chest
a person stands with their elbows up.
a man steadies himself while walking forward.
while standing on his left leg, a person lifts his right leg and moves it backwards, forward and sideways
robot walking up the stairs, turned back and then walk down the stairs.
a person jogs forward for several seconds.
standing forward, hands are at the side moving toward sides of the head and back down while the legs are slightly jumping outwards. creating a jumping jack.
a person jauntily skips forward.
a person walks backwards quickly, leading with the left foot.
a person runs forward in a non-linear way.
a person walks in from top right, stumbles and dodges something, then walks forward to the left, then walks backward to the right and dodges something again.
a man walking forward slowly.
a person jumps up and down while moving hands up and down.
he stirs with his left hand
a person does an upper cut
a person hops in place
a person bends over to begin charging forward, turns around with arms raised, and charges back to original position.
the person is doing the salsa dance.
a person gestures his arm upward several times then bends arms upward.
a person picks up something with his left hand, holds it up to his face, and put his arm back down.
a person paces a room nervously.
a person is walking and bends to the left
a person bends down to touch their toes twice
[from 0s - 3s] a person in t pose quickly squats down before kicking their right leg out to the side twice and reaching across their body with the same arm concurrently.
the person is jogging in place.
simple stand on the floor on few second and move right side on the floor.
a person shakes loose their arms, then legs and completes with a squat.
a person walks forward as if stumbling while moving forward.
person is holding hands above head and lowers hands then raises them like stretching
a man picks up both hands and motions like he is strumming a guitar slowly.
a person standing in place raises both arms to the side raising them above eye level.
a person has their guard up during boxing
a person jogs at a consistently moderate pace, with the right arm working in tandem with the left leg, and vice versa.
this person walks and stumbles to the right then back to the left.
this person waves with his right arm extended high.
the person holds their hands together and moves as if playing tennis.
person is walking wobbling forward.
a person is stretching its shoulders
a person raises both their hands to the top of their head and do a washing motion.
man extends right arm directly in front of him, moves it in front of his body from left to right and back down
a person raises their right hand then switches to raising the left.
he slowly walking forward towards something.
the person is picking up something.
a figure swings its arms upward, simulating a slashing motion
a person fast running forward
a man spins in a counterclockwise circle three times with his hands in front of him.
a person is squatting and lifting their arms out to the side
a person walks diagonally to the right
taking quick strides back and forth
a man standing with his legs bent, lifts his arms in a "t-pose".
the sim walks down the plane.
a squatted person is shivering tremendously and seems to be answering the phone with their right hand.
the man is dancing i think
a person claps both their hands together in front of them.
a person bowing down like in a theater play
a person is sitting with both hands together.
a person walking slightly than average
person is slowly walking down.
the person is jogging in place.
a person walks forward, steps up two steps, steps down two steps, and turns around to go back
a person with feet unmoving moves their hips slightly from left to right while moving bent arms in a circular motion.
a figure sneaks down the hall.
a person walks in front of them, bends down to touch their toes, then turns clockwise to walk back to where they started.
a person holds up both hands and slightly waivers before boxing.
person walks forward then to the right.
there is a person wiggling their arms.
the person walks around and went over an unseen object
this person is jogging left to right and back again.
a person has left hand over stomach while walking in a circle.
the man raises his hands and waves then fast in the air.
walking forward in a line.
a person pivots in a counterclockwise motion while holding both arms up and in fists
outlining my area for space
the person is playing soccer and kick the ball.
moving backward and coming back side  forward on that floor.
a man while crouched raises his left hand then brings it back to touch his right hand only to raise his left hand again.
the person is doing some acting.
he does a  wash back
a person walking down with both arms raised to the air
a person walks in one direction then stops, turns, and continues walking in a different direction.
a person walks in a circle
he stirs with his right hand
a person bends over and stabilizes themself with their left hand and wipes with their right.
doing a cartwheel forward.
at the the start the person is balencing on their right foot, they take a step and then balence on their left come down gracefully and walk away and turn so that the viewer is now seeing thier back and not their front.
someone standing and with his hands up and head slightly up in a singing position.
person is i think knocking on a door.
a figure holds its hands near chin level and shakes them out to loosen stress
person is doing jumping jacks.
a person bends both arms up and down at the elbow twice.
a man raises his right arm to his shoulders and moves it back down to his side.
the person is holding onto a handrail to walk.
the person is putting his left arm on his head.
the subject is trowing a kick with the right foot.
a person jumps over something while turning their wrists
the person kicks a ball with their left foot, their arms raised to a t-pose as they do so.
the person is jumping up and down.
someone raises their arms, spreads their legs and clasps their hands
a person moves their arms around.
person bends elbows so the hands are in front of the face, then drops the right arm and leaves the left up.
a person is walking forward.
a person starts walking forward and then begins to run.
a with his arms raised brings them back in, moves them back out, moves then towards his head, then stretches them back out.
a person clasps its arms together then goes back to standing position with arms hanging.
the person is doing an experiment on their legs.
person runs on an exercise machine.
the man reaches out to shakes hands several times, then bows twice with his hands together about waist high showing respect.
a person uses left hand to touch floor in different places.
a person leans forward and uses sweeping motion, sweeping from person's left to right
a person is pulled by an unseen force, and tries to resist the pull.
person is kicking and dribbling a soccer ball
a person sits down in a chair and stands up.
a person makes a big jump forward, then a big jump to the right, and then hops on one foot.
a person lifts an object with both hands from a horizontal position to their right, and holds it in a vertical position to their left, with their left hand on top, then they return it to the starting position.
a person walks forward then stops.
person squats with knees facing inwards then stands up and quickly jogs  before stopping
a person begins walking and then quickly steps to the side.
the person walked a couple of steps starting with his right foot
a person is sprinting forward.
a man walks forward slowly.
a man raises his hands over his head, and to the sky. his lips move so as to mouth the words "ascend."
a person slowly walked upstairs
the person is getting ready to place the football for a kick off.
a person crosses their arms, then uncrosses them.
a person stands in a t pose with no movement at all
a person waves their arms over their heads.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes two steps forward, angles to his left as he continues walking and then stops.
a person is doing jump and jacks.
a person rocking back and forth in suspence.
a person stand in a neutral position then strafes to the left.
a person picks a drink up with their right hand and finishes it.
the person did quick jumps twice.
someone holds their hands up and lifts them slightly vertically
person walks up something towards hit right hand side.
walks forward, steps over something, then continues walking forward.
a person is walking up and greeting someone.
the person is pacing back-and-forth.
walks forward, steps over something, then continues walking forward.
this person runs quickly forward.
a person unable to fully control his right leg staggers forward in a slow spiritless motion.
a person stomps their feet while waking forward.
a person strides swiftly in a straight line
a person raises their arms, lowers them, then steps back and turns
a person limps forward with a hurt right leg.
a man walks in an clockwise circle with a holding a heavy object on their head then turns and walks back anti clockwise a little.
a man dances, moving his legs in forward and backward steps as his arms move with his body, often making circular or twirling motions.
the person is bowing over.
waving hands up and down and outs left hand down and continues moving right hand up and down
a person wlowly walked forward and return
a person waves lazily with their left hand
a person holds their right arm out, level with their shoulder.
a person stepping back quickly in effort to avoid something.
a person walks forward then moves their arms in unison from left to right
a person has arms outstretched to the the side and moves hands up and down and slightly forward and back, to stretch.
waving arms around while bending down.
someone walks five feet and then sits down on a chair for a second, gets up and walks back five feet
a person kicks with their right leg twice, and then once with their left.
a person hops forward then turns around and hops back past where they started.
a person raises and lowers their right leg, then lunges forward twice, then jogs in place
the person is moving around in slow motion.
a person steps off a platform to the left, left first first, while facing forward.
a person drops something off, waves goodbye, turns around, and walks away.
a person puts both his hands on his face then bends over and comes back up
a person slowlt walked downstairs
this person shuffles backwards then forward and to the side.
a person breaks into a quick jog forward.
person is doing upper body stretches down to his toes.
walking in a random pattern.
someone quickly runs downstairs and jumps off the last step.
a person sways their arms back and forth while bent over.
a person walks downward in a semicircle to the right hand side and stands still.
the person is walking around the bend to the right.
moving arm out then stopping.
a man steps forward and sits down on the ground.
the person gets on their hand and knees and crawls around.
person walks forwards straight while stumbling
a person jogs to their left and then their right.
a person picks something up on the left and moves it to the right.
a person is sprinting forward.
a man takes several steps forward and stops
a person stands on one leg, the other leg, bent at the knee, is held high to the left, then moved to the front and the lower leg is extended.
the person is walking very wide-legged
running from side to side quickly.
a man lifts something above his head and then walks around in a circle.
a person is holding a round object and takes a few steps forward.
the man stads still twitching his thumbs.
the person is cleaning up some thing
a person repetitively jumps over and over while turning in a slow circle.
person making a tennis forehand hit
a person walks striding forwards.
a person jumps backward calmly.
a person lunges forwards on their left leg, stands, and lunges on their right leg.
person carefully takes two steps backwards.
the person is completely still with his left arm up.
a person walks forward swinging their shoulders, turns around, bends at the knees and then walks back
person is walking forward.
the person gets a small push in the back
the person is kneeling down on all fours to begin to crawl
arms are placed down by the side from being straight out and then the left hand goes out making a random jabbing spots.
the person is dancing in the video joyfully.
the man crouches down to avoid being hit by something.
a person takes a big step backwards.
a person grabbed something with both hands and return
a figure moves a glass left to right across a table.
the man is doing parkour
a person with arms down and relaxed makes a forward upward motion with right arm.
a person jogs in place slowly at first, then picks up the pace.
a person walks to the left with their arms swinging up and down.
a figure stretches their shoulders by crossing one arm over the other
a person walks forward and climbs up something on the left hand side.
person walks up stairs holding onto bannister with right hand
a figure wind mill kicks around the mosh pit.
the person is playing the drums.
a person sitting and moving the steering wheel.
jogging in a counterclockwise circle then in a zig zag pattern
person stepsdown from a step to a standstill
a person  appears to bounce a ball with his right arm, then cleans his face
a person walks forward up four stairs while leaning on something with their right arm, turns around, and walks back down the stairs while leaning on the same thing with their left arm.
a person stands still with their arms stretched out.
this person is stretching his right leg.
the person got down on their knees and then stood back up.
a figure opens a door
a person hopping on right leg.
a person walks upstairs
person puts hands to their side, and makes a quick forward quick with left leg.
a person does three push-ups then stands up from the ground
a person is walking and balancing on something moving forward.
a person walked forwared and jumped
the person was pushed and recovered from falling.
the right hand goes to the chest and back down while walking then turns around to walk.
a person slowly walked backward, and sat on the knee and hands
a person reading a book
a person does a cartwheel.
a man runs quickly forward.
a person lowers their left arm to grab something and then lowers their right arm to grab something from the other side
a person runs forward with one leg crossing in front of the other repetitively before coming to a stop.
the person backed up with his hands into the air.
person lowers body picks something up  with right hand then picks something up with left hand then  twists body   and moves something in front of them
a person walks forward and then back around to the starting point.
a person holds their left arm bent at the elbow and bends their right arm up and down
a man hops forward and then turns around and hops back.
a person walks forward and puts their hand on something two times, before continuing to walk forward.
a person appears to be putting things together.
a steps forward and then sprints forward.
a person stands with his right hand in front of his body.
both of a person's arms fall limply to their sides and then raise to shoulder level.
person walks backward, forward, and on a diagnol
bending up and down stretching.
a person sits down and puts his hands on his thighs.
a man brings both hands toward his face and then puts his arms down.
he gets pushed really hard
a person jogs back and forth diagonally before stepping to return to their original position.
this person appears to stumble as if frightened.
a person slowly walked forward in left direction
a person crosses their arm.
person walks in a full circle anti clockwise
a person walks forward, lifts their arm towards their head, walks backwards, lowers their arm, then lifts their arm towards their face.
a person walks forward while being assisted by hand rails.
a person is doing cartwheels
a man jumps while spinning in a circle.
a person standing still, waves with its left hand
a person walks diagonally across the platform, turns left in a 180 degree motion and walks back down the same path to initial position.
moving hands down near legs.
the man walks forward, spins around and walks back.
a person jumps backwards and has to steady themselves.
the man throws punches with both hands.
a person is jogging forward.
person tosses an object up and to the right, then walks backwards to the right. then, person walks forward and tosses object to the left.
a man uses both hands to lift something around thigh-level and sets it down a couple feet to his left.
a person shadow boxes while moving around.
a person wraps something around their waist and fastens it.
person walks a medium pace forward
someone puts their right foot forward while reaching up and to the right with their right hand, then lowers their right hand while they put their right foot back, then raises their right hand to face-level, then lowers it, then raises both hands to face-level, then lowers both.
a person repeatedly jumps up and down.
he rinses his hands and then adds some soap and washes his hands.
a person squats down extending both arms in front of the body.
a person takes a few steps forward.
a person, with their hands out to the side, walks forward, turns counter counterclockwise, then walks the other direction, and starts to turn clockwise again
a person walks in a straight forward motion.
a person takes very large steps going higher up and lower down each time.
a person waves with their left hand.
a man walks backwards to get on his hands and knees, crawls forward, gets up, then walks backwards.
a person is holding something in his or her hand, turns it upward, he looks down at it and puts his hand down
walking forward and then to the side.
a person walks forward a few steps, then smoothly turns on their right foot to walk the other way.
a person is lifting their arms up from the elbows and stretching their arms above their head.
this person was forward then stops.
a person walks from the left to the right in a zig zag line.
a person lifts an item above their head.
a person swivels in a chair while on the phone, then stands up.
the person is jumping on their left leg.
a person, walks, climbs up 3 steps, and reaches out their hand for something.
a person has both of their hands in front of them as they are carefully looking around.
a man punches upward with his right arm.
a person walking down in a straight line
a person walks forward and kicks something with his right foot.
a person jobs forward before coming to a stop
a person rises from a seated position, turns to the left, walks three steps, stops and stretches out arms.
a person walks towards the right.
a person begins to wave
a person stretches their shoulders by moving their bent arms forward and backward.
a sitting person motions with first right hand toward the front, then left hand higher and extended to the left side before standing to walk away.
a person picks up something with his left hand and walks forward.
a person takes giant steps to the right side and then back to the left.
a person is standing with knees bent with his hands out to his side, then places his hands on his knees, then brings his hands back up.
a person walks backwards quickly
person is psinning themselves around,
a person walks forward while swinging their arms
a person jumps in the air while putting arms and legs out.
a man takes a big step towards his left.
a person picks something up on the left and sets it down on the right.
a person jumping to their left hand side.
a person brings their right arm up to their mouth slowly and then lowers it back down to their side.
the man list his right arm and appears to be knocking on something. then does it with his left arm, and takes a few steps backwards.
a person appears to be dancing.
person walks forward and to the left
a well built man calmly walks in a semi-circular fashion to his right.
a person with arms up moving to the left.
a person bends forward from the waste, walks diagonally towards the right, then stops and turns back while lifting their left arm, the person then returns to the bent over position and continues forward.
a person raises their arms and lowers them.
a person holds his hands together and  moves his arms as if he is swinging a baseball bat.
man has left foot on upper thigh of the right leg and hold it in a pose with arms out to his sides in the air for 3 seconds then drops his leg and begins to do the same pose but switches legs.
person is attempting to look cool while walking
a person is walking in a circle
stick figure jumping to a position with the legs spread wide and the hands going overhead, then returning to a position with the feet together and the arms at the sides otherwise known as a jumping jack
figure appears to be walking slow
a person moves something with both hands.
this person slowly bends forward and moves from right to left.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
the man is making gestures
moving arms above head.
a person walks steadily forwards
the person leaned to the right and the walk forward to the left.
person is walking while kicking out legs
person walks to the left.then turns to the right and begins climbing a ladder. he sits on the ladder and swings its legs.
a person turns in a counterclockwise direction while standing in the same spot with arms open in front of them.
man runs in a half circle.
a person walks a few steps and then carefully picks up something that they then walk a few steps to put into something else
a person walks in a circle
a person spins in a clockwise circle
a figure kicks their right leg behind them before kicking forward sharply with their left leg three times.
circular movement of hips
a person was sitting on the knee, and grabbed something with right hand and lean to face
a person hold the knee with both hand, and after raised them up
someone bounces between either foot and swings their arms back and forth in front of their chest.
a person slowly walked backwards,
a person finishes a somersault, then stands and walks in a counter counterclockwise circle.
a person walks forward spins on their right foot and then walks forward again.
a person waves, swinging both arms out them back in and down
person walks a medium pace forward
a person walks forward 4 steps.
a person does a drinking motion with his left arm
a person runs in place
left hand rubs neck and then up to head. then back to neck which hand falls ti middle of body.
a person runs in place at varying speeds
a person stumbles to their right.
person walks backwards, crouches down, then crab walks forward.
a person slowly walked forward and leaned on something with body
person brings right arm up and bends it to stretch it backwards
a person standing up claps their hands together one time, walks diagonally to the right slightly, then sits down.
a person is walking and someone pushes them to the right.
a person jogs on the spot and then begins to jog slowly in a figure of eight motion maintaining a forward facing body orietation.
the figure walks sideways starting with the right leg before the motion repeats and the figure drags its legs to the left.
a man bounces back and forth in a defensive position and then appears to punch twice with his right arm
a person mail from right side to left and then right and stop
the sim walks down the plane.
a person has their arms stretched out, then brings their arms to their side, claps, walks a few steps & sits down.
a person is standing and performing arm bicep curls by lifting their hands towards their shoulder in a squeezing manner.
person is doing a miscellaneous dance.
a person walks forward, takes a quick sidestep to the right, walks straight, and then stops.
a figure takes three steps sideways to their right, then five steps sideways to their left and then two steps sideways to return to their original position
person walking at a regular pace started on their right foot ending in their left foot.
the man is doing jumping jacks
someone working out the left arm
the man making is making gestures
a person made some something with both hands
a person bends his left hand to his chest then down.
a person walks down stairs.
a person crosses their arms, then has their arms angrily at their sides.
a person lifts an object with both hands, rotates the object counterclockwise, then puts it back down.
a person is bent forward with arms dangling in front of them
a person walks on a treadmill
starts running in place and then speeds up pace and slows back down.
a person is waving his arms about then steps backwards
a person does a jumping jack
the man is moving his hands around in the motion of cleaning what's his right arm.
a person starts with their arms out then jogs in place.
a man turns on a hair dryer and walks in a circle as he dries his hair.
person takes one sidestep to their right
the person does jumping jacks.
a person starts out squatting or sitting with hands on knees, raises his right forearm with fingers pointing up, and then he directs his right and left palms toward each other with slightly cupped hands, as if he is holding a ball.
a person puts his right hand to his head.
the person is swinging his extended arms, frontward in big circles as he walks forward.
the subject to standing facing forward then moves left arm to head than moves hand back down
a person takes a large step to their right over an object.
the sim is walking down the plane, before making a slight left incline.
a person steps back then walks forward, stumbles, recovers and walks forward again then turns around.
person stands still, then lifts right arm to wave hand back and forth at the screen like a greeting.
a person is signalling in basketball
a perosn throwed something with right hand
person is making a basketball move
a person stands with arms straight out from sides, claps, then lowers arms  by sides.
a person casually strolls forward.
person steadily takes four steps forward
a person put his hand to uis face to yell
a person with arms in front of them, elbows bent, shifts their weight from one foot to another.
a person stomps their right foot.
the person is walking forward.
the person is walking back and forth at a very slow pace
the person is dragging his bad leg while walking.
a person stretches out his arms.
a man walks to the right side,takes a sitting pose and then stands up and walks back again.
a person crosses their arms
a person does bicep curls with their left hand.
a person walks in a circle with their hands together at their waist, then paws with their hands like they are digging.
a person puts things together and begins to stir them with their left hand.
a person picks up a cloth with his left hand, turns on a faucet with his right hand, and then washes something using his left hand.
person sits for while and then gets up and walks to right
a person walks and stops.
a person doing standing crunches and squats
man hops on right foot; kicks right foot forward
a person pacing back and forth.
a person walks forward.
uses arms to help sit down legs kick up a bit then gets up to walk away
a person walks in a large arc to their left.
a person runs forward and jumps over something, then turns around and jumps back over it.
the person is walking in a counter counterclockwise circle.
someone is walking diagonally holding their left elbow with their right hand.
the person approaches and slowly walks around the back of a chair to their left then sits down.
the person was drying his left arm.
person moves forward kicks out left leg on object
a person walks forward, takes large step with left leg then slowly walks back to the right.
a person walks in an arc to the left, then turns and walks in an arc to the right.
he did two jumping jacks.
a person is running back and forth.
individual appears to be using arms to bounce an object with the right hand.
a person is imitating a chicken.
a man punches the air in front of him with his left arm.
a person walks forward and to the side
a person stretches both arms out and waves them around.
a person steps over a rope, jumps over the rope a few times, pauses to move the rope behind them, and then jumps rope some more.
person slowly walking down stairs, then turn around and goes upstair
a person standing straight using their left hand to move as if mixing a batter, bending at the elbow, in counter clockwise rotation twice around.
a person steps forward with their right foot, and wipes across a surface with their right hand.
the person is walkig back and forth then punching.
a person does jumping jacks
the man is moving his right arm
an animated and authoritarian figure uses its left hand to wave away and direct a crowd
a person powerfully jumps straight into the air, then rebounds with a small hop backwards.
person is waving hands around.
a person is punching with their left hand.
a person stands upleft then leans back to the left and extends both arms forward diagonally.
person walks to the side then crawls under something
a person hurriedly walks over to an object and hits it with his right hand in a somewhat angry manner, then walks back to the start, and repeats the same sequence.
person holds hands in front of body level with head and kicks with left foot repeatedly.
this person stands still and moves his left arm up slightly.
a person, walked forward by changing direcion into left and right
a person walks forward slowly.
person picked up an object and moved it over
person skipping jauntily forward in a slightly diagonal path.
person has one hand above head and one below keeps still
he kneels down with stool
a man steps forward and picks something off the ground.
person is hunched over creeping diagonally down.
a man walks forward in a slow clockwise circle, stopping in a standing position.
a person walks in a counter clockwise motion stopping before completing a full circle.
a man lowers his arms and turns his neck in a clockwise way
a person walks around in a counter-clockwise circle.
a person drops their arms and runs in place.
a person walks forward, clumsily turns and walks back.
a figure walks slowly in a circle then stops, turns, and raises their arms
a person slowly walks in a clockwise circle.
the person is waving with his left arm.
a man walks slightly hunched over with his shoulders up towards his ears and hands in front of him while taking large, awkward steps.
someone is throwing an object
user picks up right hand and stairs at palm slowly
the person nearly stumbles while walking
a man holds his left hand out and then lowers it.
a man is doing jumping jacks.
a child may squat down by a wall to enjoy a quick snack on a field trip.
something by the persons foot startled them
a person walks side to side and turns to walk back.
person walks back and forwards following a u shape pattern
raising hands above head and stretching.
a man jumps and spins around in the air.
person is walking forward.
a person  slowly ran on the place
a person steps to their left and sits down.
the person swings his arm in and then swings his right arm out.
the person is drinking from a bottle with his left hand.
a man walks forward while swaying his feet in a zig-zag path.
the figure sways from left to right with both of hands up like as if hes reaching for something
this person has arms raised then lowers them to his sides.
a person, with arms spread and bent at elbow, repetedly raising hands above head before moving them back to shoulder hieght
a person walks around with his right hand on his face.
a person stops to take a look at their watch.
a person side steps to the left 3 times then to the right 3 times then to the left once more to end where they started.
a man picks something up and moves it to the side before putting it back down.
a person lifts both forearms until they are horizontal. they then shake their arms and hands vigorously by rotation at the wrists.
person moves forward a few steps then stops and then moves to their right and then moves backwards then moves two steps forward
the person is walking with support.
a man brings both hands up to come together over his head, then pushes them forward in an upward motion as though tossing something.
a person is shaking greatly while moving awkwardly and staring at their hand.
a person lowering their arms from both being raised apart, then grabbing something on chest level height and placing it above then placing another item below.
a person slowly walked forward in left direction
the man standing up, step his left foot while bending his right arm and leg and face left and move his left hand like he is doing something while his right hand remains at rest
a person sprints forwards quickly.
a person who ran in a circle and then started rolling both hands repeatedly
a man holds his head with both hands and kicks with his right leg.
taking 3 steps forward starting with right foot and then stopping
a person is joggin in place.
standing up and then walking around then sitting back down.
a man jumps once then walks horizontally to the side then walks back to the original position.
a person bends slightly bends over and wipes a table with their right hand.
a person standing with his arms spread wide from his sides, drops his arms, jumps up, then steps forward and stops.
a person hops and skips on their right foot while dragging the left one
a person swings right arm in a windmill fashion; first counterclockwise then counter counterclockwise.
a person is standing up, then sits down crossing their legs and stands back up.
the sim walks to the end of the plane, slowly turns around slowly walking back to the opposite end.
the stick model is walking up and down the stairs
a person sits in a  chair then stands back up.
a person jogs in a straight line, forward and then comes to a stop.
a person starts walking backwards, stops and turns around then walks backwards again
a person jumps up and down once.
a man takes something off a shelf and puts it on a table.
a person steps sideways to their right.
a person bends over, stands up and then walks around slowly.
a figure holds their right arm up, bent, then raises their left hand to touch an object held in the right hand
a man stands on the ground,puts his hands together and starts clapping.
a person walks to the left.
a person does several cartwheels.
a person doing front kicks starting with right leg.
a person can relieve pressure from their back by sitting down in a chair.
a person confidently walks down an aisle while stretching/loosening up their arm.
a person runs in place
a man walks in a curved line.
a person steps forward briskly, then climbs some stairs, stopping in a standing position.
the man turns right calmly
a person holds up both arms then lowers them one at a time
a person walked backrwards, and showing something with hands
a person walks forward with big steps
a person is dancing with a partner with their left arm extended.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides takes a step forward, reaches down with his right hand, picks something up and moves it to his left, then steps backwards to his original position.
the person is posing like a zombie.
person very lazily lift their right arm as if picking up a ball or similar item and proceeds to pivot their torso to the left and throw the item with very little energy or care. they then turn to center and reach out both hands and pull an item close to their chest
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle, before stopping.
person is acting like a graceful lady weeding.
the person gets on their hands and knees, crawls to the left, gets up and returns to their original position.
the person does several jumping jacks.
person squats and jumps out moving to the sides.
a person standing still, lifts both arms up and back over the left shoulder and then swings both arms in a downward motion.
a person walks left diagonally, turns right walks a few steps then walks back and stands facing forward.
a person leans backward and lifts their right hand to their mouth.
a person moves ahead a few steps quickly.
a person walks down a set of stairs.
crouching and walking forward and cowering.
person stans straight with hands to the side. hands move slightly but not much and person does a small hop forward
the person walk forward and then waved.
a person facing away, rapidly extends both arms outward, then turns to look to the right lifting his right leg, leaning forward and balancing on his left leg. he returns to the original position then turns to look to his left
a man standing reaches forward in front of his body with his right hand.
a person swinging their left leg similar to kicking a ball
a person takes two steps forward then raises their left hand and waves continuously
a person sways slightly from left to right and uses him arms as if to balance himself.
someone holds their right arm, turns to the left and walks away.
a person sliding to the left diagonally then back to the right
a person is walking sideways left and then right.
a person walks around in a circle.
a person walks forward, gets pushed by someone, and he stumbles back.
the man is walking slowly
a person steps forward slightly then leans back to sit down.
a person runs on the spot in a circle.
lifting a container and pouring out the contents
a person jogs casually forward, then walks in the opposite direction, then picks something up with their left hand.
a person jumping into a counterclockwise air spin.
a person walks towards his right and stops.
a person picks up something and moves it to the right.
a person holding an item turns back, then left, then back, like he's been followed
a figure stands with knees bent, raising and lowering their arms out to the sides
a person walks slowly forward.
this person moves both arms up and all around.
a person struts in a clockwise circle.
a person raises their left arm and waves before placing it back down beside them.
a person, while shrugging their shoulders, makes lateral movements to their left in a curvy-like fashion.
person is fixing then throwing something i think.
a person stirs something with their left hand, stirring in a counterclockwise motion
a person is sitting and rotating an object in front of them with both arms.
a person walks forward and then turns to their left and walks back to the original space.
a person squats down and pats something with their left hand.
a man walks in a clockwise circle while swinging his arms.
a person dancing and spinning side to side.
the person walks into an object that abruptly knocks it in a backwards motion
a person walks forward and limps with their right hand holding their hip.
someone walks slowly counterclockwise in a complete circle and then stops.
a person kicked with right leg
a person is walking in place.
a person who's stepping backwards
a man walks clockwise in a circle
a person lifts up his left arm and wriggles it around, and he gestures to his left arm with his right hand, then he wriggles both arms side to side, lifts them up
a person takes a step forward.
a person is walking like a mummy.
the person is side stepping.
a person carefully walks backwards with their arms out to their side.
a figure walks slowly in a circle then stops, turns, and raises their arms
a person is shoved forward and recovers.
the sim appears to be cleaning an object like a car.
a person raised the hand and after grabbed something with right hand
a person quickly walks forward.
the person is walking forwards.
person is likely eating something
the sim is balancing on their left foot, before alternating to their right foot.
someone is climbing a ladder,  they walk up 3 steps and then back down.
a man raises his right hand to his head then lowers it back down.
he does a gesture while exercising
person is standing with arms out
a person picks up  a heavy object and moves it right.
moving body from side to side with arms out.
a person is acting out the motions for the song 'i'm a little teapot'.
a person raises their arms and performs stretching movements.
a man limps to the right side of the room, then runs back to the left side
a person moves their elbows back and forth, moves forward, picks an object up off the ground, walks left, and reaches their left arm out.
an animated and authoritarian figure uses its right hand to wave away and direct a crowd
the man jogs in place.
a person walks forward at a moderate pace.
a person vaults over an obstacle.
a person walks straight forward.
a person catches an item thrown by someone.
a person raises their left arm and strums with their right and looks to their left.
the person bends his left arm at the elbow and puts it in front of his face, then returns it to his side.
a person walks to the left and then in a clockwise circle.
moving hands in a random pattern.
the person raises his right arm and points, steps to his right and pauses like he is talking to someone, then raises his arm and points again.
person loses balance then regains it
a person washes the right arm.
the person lowers their arms and raises them back up.
the woman angerily kicked at the ground with her left foot.
a person kicks with their right foot two times.
a person is sat down
the man is moving his left arm
the figure appears to be swimming using the breast stroke
a man walks forward bending his knees.
a person claps with both hands.
shake the both the hands.
a man takes a big step forward with his right foot first
the person is walking forward.
person squats down into the crouch position.
person is walking backward slowly
a squatting person brings food to their mouth with their right hand.
a person takes two steps backwards.
a person is stirring in a bowl
a person grabbed something and put it somehwere
figure walks forward and turns a quarter turn left to face an obstacle, turns leftward and throws left leg up and across an obstacle and hops over, walks forward, then turns left and then left again to step up onto another level.
the figure is running on a diagonal.
a man is standing still, puts his hands together behind his back then bends over and looks to the left then goes back to his beginning position
a man walks away and then turns back to defend from a confrontation.
the subject walks forward with the initial step being slightly to their left before straightening out
the person is walking forward.
a person is performing a side stepping dance.
a person walks down, throws right hand up and walks off to the right.
a person is waving intently with their right hand.
sits down than brushes off knees
the person placed something to the right in front of them.
a person walks forward while raising their right arm.
a man walks forward, then lifts his legs to step up on something.
this person runs forward from right to left.
a person walks making a square pattern, lifting his feet while walking as if he were climbing up and down stairs.
a person is casting a fishing line.
the man is doing one leg kano
the person is drinking out of a bottle with his left hand.
he picks something up then throwed it
a person has their left hand raised in the air and slowly lowers it.
the person threw both hands up.
a person walks from the right to the left in a zig zag line.
the person does a quick dance.
a person is using his left arm moving it up and down leaving his elbow still.
a man throwing something or swinging something
a stick figure walks forward, stops and moves both arms up and forward as if setting an item on a table. it then steps backwards to its starting position.
a person lifts up their right arm and dramatically dunks it down.
person crosses left arm over right while standing.
a person picks up a cloth/sponge with their left hand, then walks over to an object, lifts it with their right hand and washes/wipes it with the cloth.
someone is folding their arms
walking forward and backward and moved forward.
walked forward, turns around lifts both hands up to the side and left leg then set back down.
a person doing air kicks with his left feet.
a person side steps in a defensive position.
a person raises their left arm then lowers it.
a person slowly walked forward and in right direction
a person dances while moving their hips.
a man standing moving hands and arms in circular motion.
a person has their arms extended as if they are dancing with another individual, stepping backward & forward in a diamond-shaped motion.
a person makes a gold swing motion swinging to the right.
a person limps forwards, holding their left leg.
a person walks forward and then looks like they walk up some stairs
a person stands still with both arms raised then lowers arms and waving off with his left arm.
a person hops on their right foot in circles, with their elbows bent.
a person is moving his right hand over an object, then walks backwards and extends his arms outwards
person may be sitting down waving hands or painting something.
a person moves arm back and forth and then sets something down on the ground.
a person makes a "fast break" motion, zig-zagging briefly from right to left then darting forward to the left.
a person runs forward in a  straight diagonal line
a person walks diagonally forward.
a side person side-steps to the right, then side-steps to the left.
a person walks and turns toward the left.
the person is posing like a zombie.
a person throws out their right hand while sitting, then again while standing.
person walking up flight of stairs
person doing cross cable exercise
a person walks in a zig zag motion then comes to a halt
the person picks up a phone with their left hand and holds it to their left ear.
the person is walking back-and-forth around a bend,
someone is sitting, then goes on the phone with their right hand.
a figure walks carefully one foot in front of the other.
a person climbs a set of 4 stairs, left foot first.
a person picking something up and feeling it.
a person takes one step forward with their left foot and then with their right to end with their feet side by side.
a person raising arms to face and thrusting outwards.
person is leaning down then getting up and walking.
a person lifts something up and to the side to look under it and puts the item back down.
a man stands with his left leg in front of him and his arms bent to either side, wriggling his right arm slightly.
a person does a high kick and then jumps into the air.
a man takes one step forward leading with his left foot.
the figure is kicking from left to right
a perpsn appears to be making hand signals. like cheering then stopping. like at a sporting event
a person takes four leisurely steps forward.
a person steps forward and reaches out with their right hand to pick up an object that is at their waist level. they raise it to their mouth and take a sip, then put the object down.
a standing figure flexes his arms at the elbows, outward and in front of him several times.
person is focused on their hands around their head.
person jumps up in the air
a person does three push-ups then stands up from the ground
a man crosses both arms.
a person lowers to sitting position.
a person bends over with both hands and stands back up.
figure appears to be urinating
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides steps back, takes three steps to his right, turns 180 degrees and walks four steps, turns 180 degrees and walks two steps and then faces forward.
this person moves both arms to the sides while being raised.
walking forward in a diagonal line.
person may be moving something.
a person who is standing with his arms at his side, crouches, drops onto his hands, flips his feet into the air and returns with his feet on the ground.
a man stands still for a few seconds, then leans slightly to his right, before returning to the original position.
a person touches each elbow to the opposite knee then spreads his legs and starts to do squats.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person standing on a pedestal , saluting ahead.
a person runs forwards in a vaguely straight line.
a person standing still does nothing.
a person walks counterclockwise in a circle.
a person walks forward, swings their right leg while turning around and steps forward again.
a person bends their knees into a slight squat before jumping forward.
a red and blue stick figure picks something up with and scrubs with bost hands
a man walks slowly forward leading with his right foot.
a person walks forwards, leans on a table with his right hand, and lowers his upper body toward the ground to look for something.
a person raised their arms above their head then set it back down.
a man steps backwards a few steps, then forward, then lifts his arms to head-level and moves them back and forth, bending them at the elbows.
a person stumbles backward without falling.
a person is sitting on something and resting their hands on something in front of them.
the person is wiping the table with the left hand in a circular motion.
a person steps up onto something, walks across it, and steps down off of it.
bending down and grabbing something.
a person sits down, stands up, and jumps in place.
this person reaches high with both arms.
a person walks backwards several steps.
walk forward two steps, bend at the knee and waist as if picking something up. stand up and return to the starting position
the person is backing up then sititng down and standing up again.
a person puts his hands together.
a person runs fast in a curved line
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person bends at the elbow on their left arm and waves their hand back and forth
it looks like someone may be a little intoxicated as he stumbles back and appears to maybe be talking on the phone.
person walks forward, turns around, and walks back
kicking foot while standing.
a person walks down stairs while holding onto the railing with their right hand.
he sidesteps 8 times turns and sidesteps back four.
the man leans down and picks up something heavy with both hand over his head.  he then throws the object in front of him using both arms.
the person is jogging forward for a short distance.
great opportunity to do things
a person balances walking forward on a beam, with arms out to the side for balance.
a person stretches their arms over their head, touching their hands together, and then brings their arms back down.
a person runs and then jumps
a person walks two steps forward, pivots on his right leg until he has completed a half turn, and walks two steps back to where he started from.
a person grabbed something with both hands, and hit something
a man walks from side to side while holding his right forearm with left hand, and then walks back
a person with their hand pointing towards the ground is walking slowly across an area; their arms are only moving slightly almost as if just hanging there.
the man walks forward swinging his arms turns and walks back.
person walks forward while turning 90 degrees to the left
person quickly walks in a  counterclockwise position with shoulders facing back happy
the person hurt his right leg.
a person starts walking in the shape of a quarter circle.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides, turns his head and body slightly to his right before walking forward four steps and stopping.
the body walks in a strong line, increasing speed slowly.
the person is  swinging their hands out.
he stands and wobbles slightly, as if trying to stay steady in the wind
a person carrying something on their back.
the picks up something with his left and then walks forward.
a man jumps and spins anti-clockwise twice.
a person claps his hands and walks.
a person is holding both his hands raised.
a person, walked forward by changing direcion into right and left
a person stretches arms and walks while touching wall.
a person facing forward takes a large step to their left, they turn their body to the right while kneeling down and crawl across the floor to the edge of the mat and face forward.
a person who seems to be lifting a dumbbell with their right hand
the person is catching and throwing a football.
a person is brushing their hand across their face, adjusting the angle by moving their elbow up and down, and when finished, they step back and drop their right arm to their side.
a person performs a series of martial arts moves.
a person walks forward and bends down and grabs his right knee in pain. he attempts to straighten up and walk forward and then bends down to grab his knee again. he then walks backward to his right.
a person walks in a curved line, stops and then follows their footsteps
a person puts their hands together, turns sideways, and kicks with their left foot.
the person claps and puts their hands down.
a person walks in a circle with exaggerated hip and arm movements, either drunk or flirty.
the sim is walking, before briefly stumbling.
person walks in a semi circular shape while swinging arms slightly.
a person is pitching a baseball.
the person is jumping up and down.
the figure is balanced on the right foot of a straight supporting leg, right arm extended, holding left foot on a bent left leg with left hand; figure struggles with balance, hopping to its left then right, then bends arm and extends its left leg before further bending leg.
a person walks in a diagonal direction.
a man bends at the knees and takes a short jump forward.
a person slowly shuffles to the front right in a hunched slightly squatted position.
a person walks forward and then up stairs
a person is standing and moves arms in a way that looks like they are picking something up and taking a drink or a bite
a unsure person walking forward in no hurry at all.
a man picks up both hands and motions like he is strumming a guitar slowly.
a person is waving his arms about then steps backwards
a person jumps in place.
man standing takes a small step inward with his left foot, stands there a moment, and then takes a small step to left with only his left foot moving.
a man holds his hands together and kicks with his left leg repeatedly.
the person is doing quick jumps up and down.
a person is sitting down while using its left hand to eat some food
a person is running on the spot.
a man walks in a forward arc, skewing to the right side of the screen.
person is walking in a circle
a person backs into something and hurts their back.
a person jumps up one time.
a person sat on the floor, by crossing his legs and after stand up
the man is moving his body and hands around
a person walks forward and then appears to bump into something, then continues walking forward.
a person walks forward with purpose
person walks forward then stumbles back a bit then continues walking forwards
a person kicks alternating legs
a person is walking forward as if attracting someone.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person performs two jumping jacks.
a person standing and waving with his left hand.
a person yawns and covers their mouth with their left hand.
running forward and kicking.
a person slowly walked forward
the person walks forward with their right hand leading. they swivel to the left with their leg kicked up. they put their leg down again and go back up the ramp
a person walks up and forward while holding on to something
someone walks backward beginning with the left foot while progressively swinging the left arm back and forth harder and harder with each swing.
the person is walking towards the left.
man walks calmly in a forward direction.
a man lowers his arms, then looks to his left and right, then moves his head in a circle.
a person walks forwards and then balances on their right foot as if trying not to fall before continuing to step through with their left foot.
a person is leaning over with his left hand on his waist.
person does a cartwheel like move, spin then do two twirls and a low jump landing using ballet movements
a person is standing with their left arm shakily raised.
a person waves with their right hand.
a person is stretching their legs to the left.
a person holds something in front of their face.
a person swings their right arm in a large forward circle motion, then swings that same arm in a large backward circle motion, then swings their left arm in a large forward circle motion.
a man beginning with his right leg slides to the right side.
a figure gestures rapidly with their right hand then sits
someone is hitting his drums.
a person moves around in a random fashion, trying to dodge something.
person was walking with his arms out to keep his balance.
person is walking backwards with their toes bent .
a person walks forward on a beam with outstretched arms for balance.
a person stands up then walks in a circle
a person picks something up from a table with their right hand then gently sets in down next to where they picked it up.
a person stumbles backwards wobbling slightly
a person is standing then pushes something with their left should and finally stands still.
figure walks forward, turns right, and walks back toward the direction they came from.
a person who is walking diagonally
a person is seen to be sitting down and then gets back up
person bends down and raises hands to face in different positions to side
the person walks forward with a limp
a person starts running softly in place, then speeds up dramatically.
a person jumped forward three times turned around and then jumped back the other way one time.
the sim walks across the plane in a loop fashion before stopping near the end of the space.
individual appears to be in a constant flrx.
the man walks forward, seemingly down a slight ramp.
a person that steps to the left and then steps back to the right
person is jogging back and forth.
the person is walking to the left curved.
person steps forward and bends both knees and bends body forward to put something on ground
person walks forward then step up with right foot, goes up then steps left and comes down, then turns left and left again to walk back up
a person standing still while holding something in front of him with their left hand and rotating their right hand over their left hand their left hand
a person walks from the left hand side to the right hand side in a waving path and then stops while facing towards the right.
person is walking backwards with their toes bent .
a person lightly kicks an object on the ground
the stick figure its stretching.
the person solutes in the video above with its red hand.
a person walks forward and to the right.
the man is pushing his right
a man touches several objects with his right hand.
a man raises his left hand to cover his mouth
a person waltzes in an anticlockwise direction, with their left arm outstretched and their right hand at the centre line of their torso.
ski mountain lodge  go down the mountain slowly
a person jogging from right to left.
a person checks a watch on their left arm.
a person walks forward then pauses and holds their right elbow with their left hand, then they continue walking and turn around.
a figure loves doing jumping jacks.
a man steps back with his arms raised, then lowers them and steps forward.
a person walks around and bends over.
figure appears to be pouring a drink
a person is jogging in place.
a person skips to the side
a man holds his left arm bent in front of him, with his right arm bend off to one side, and proceeds to dance around, first forward, then right, back, left, and forward again.
a person jumps up and down waving their arms around, in a circle.
a person washes their body with their right arm.
a person nervously walks forward, stops, turns around, and walks back.
a person balances along a beam
the person is throwing some thing with both hands.
a person is lifting weights
a person crosses their arms then moves their hands
a person wiggles his arms around.
a person walking forward bending over and either petting or wiping something
a person performs a dance
someone stomps their feet five times and then starts to walk balkwards.
a person performing jumping jacks, or star jumps on the spot.
a person, while running quickly, bends down and picks something up.
a man stands in a squatting position while facing the camera, arms out wide to his right and left, then brings his arms down to his sides, and returns them to their outleft position after pausing.
shake the body and sit on the floor.
a person is tossing an object in front of them; looks like someone else is playing toss with them.
a sitting person reaches forward and grabs something close to them, then raises it to their head.
a individual is crouched onto an object with both fist to their chest, shifting both hands up and down.
he raises his right hand and throws in an overhead motion without moving his feet, then brings his hands together, raises them, ready to through again.
a person walks forward and kicks their leg out while turning around.
the arms are held out while the body step dances around in a circle.
person with hand together, drops hands, steps forward and turns left then sets down in a chair facing away
a man hops to his right
standing the right hand is raised with elbow bent to head level and then returned to starting position.
person is trying to sit down but gets back up instead
a person walking and helping maintain their balance and support,  from holding onto a side rail or wall.
the person playfully moves their hands around as if mimicking a dog.
a person while sitting on the floor throws with his left arm and then stands.
a man does 2 jumping jacks, before lunging forward to push an invisible object.
a person raises his right hand to his chest, holds it for a couple seconds, and puts his hand back down.
a person walks forward, reaches down slightly with the right arm and then steps backwards.
a man is standing still, hen brings his left hand up to his face
person is doing kicking motions with right leg
a person leaping up and then shuffling to their left.
a person lifts their left arm straight out.
a person squats twice, extending their arms forward each time.
a person does a defensive shuffle on a diagonal before stopping
a person runs straight forward.
a person lifts their left arm back and then throws an object with their left hand
a person raises their left arm to look at their left wrist.
a person has their hand at their chest and shakes their waist.
this person walks forward turns right to walk back.
the person is running in place.
a man walks towards the right with hands at his side slightly bent, then he turns around to walk in the opposite direction.
jump on the floor on the front.
a person raises and waves their left hand to get someone's attention.
the person is doing arm gestures.
a man is startled and looks over his shoulder.
a man stretches his arms, claps, walks two steps and sits on something..
a man throws a punch.
a person leans back and forth, putting weight on alternate legs, bring us both hands up towards the face, then bends down and uses his hands to tie something at the bottom of the right leg, like a shoe.
a person turns around and picks up an item with his left hand, holds the item to his shoulder, then turns back around to place the items back down.
a person walks forward at a slow pace.
a person with arms raised above their head squats and then raises repeatedly
a man walks in a circular motion.
a person walks forward then twirls around to stand with back to viewer.
a person is pushed from the left and recovers balance.
person is walking forward than getting something.
the sim moves across the plane in a athletic fashion appearing to use their right leg in a exercise routine going to the end of the plane, doing the motion again on the way back to the center of the plane.
this person was flapping their hand and swaying their body doing the motion of a bird flying.
swingin arms and kicking feet.
the person gets down on all fours and starts crawling.
a person walks forward, runs, then turns around to walk back.
person walks forward and to the right
a person with their arms at their side bows their head three times.
a person walks forward drifting slightly to their left.
a man walks forward and then stops.
a person starts sitting on the ground with his legs crossed in front of him and uses his arm to keep him stable while using his right leg to bring himself up to a standing position.
a person leans forward with their left hand as if to pick something up, walks to the right, turns left, and leans to pick something up again, then moves left arm as if to wipe something.
someone gets one their knees and moves their hands along the floor as if they are looking for something
a person runs forward fast.
a seated person motions in a "come here" movement with their left arm
the man looks at his wrist.
a person is walking forward and slightly to the right.
the man jumps twice into the air.
a person starting crouched forward, stands up and stretches left and right.
a man is curling weights with one in each hand.
a person coughs with their right hand, than left, stays standing for now.
a person pretends to be a chicken
person slowly bends down and puts hands  on hips then raises right arm out and then left
person approaches slowly then climbs stairs
someone raises their left arm in defense mode
a person is jumping in place and crossing their arms then stops as if something got caught on their foot.
a person shuffling feet and striking with arms.
this person is shaking his hand with his right hand.
a person slowly gets down on their knees and puts their hands up, down, up, then down again.
a person walks slowly backwards
a person sat on something and did some jesture with hands
a person stepping forward to bow.
a man lifts his left hand to his head.
a person steps up on a box then steps down, turns right until they are facing the opposite direction and steps on a box and turns left then steps down.
a man walks forward slowly and calmly.
a person is turning to the left side
a man stands prepared and aware, then suddenly takes an abrupt step backwards and regains his ready stance.
this person is standing straight and kicks his leg out once and then stands normal.
a person shifts their hands together before picking up their leg and going into a throwing motion.
a person performs a magic trick
person turns 45 degrees to the left and jogs a few pace, then turns 180 degrees and jogs back, before turning back to jog to where they started.
a person shakes their right hand up and down while holding their left arm outwards.
this person sits down while shaking.
crouching forward while walking as the right foot is dragged behind.
a person moves backwards then forwards then jumps.
a person walks in a clockwise circle twice
a person, standing with both arms resting at their sides and slightly bent at the elbow, moves around seeming to look for something.
the man is flexing his left arm
taking small steps one foot in front of the other.
the person is walking then sitting on the floor.
a man standing crosses his arms over his chest.
a person tip toeing forward.
a person jogs to the left and then jogs to the right, and finally back to the left to return back to his normal position
a man runs back and forth from right from left.
figure appears to be walking in a counter counterclockwise motion
a person jumps and turns to the right.
a person is on his hands and knees, then gets to his feet, left foot first.
sitting down then kneeling.
subject is standing facing ford while flapping wings by its side making a chicken
a person walks down some steps with back facing the direction they are going.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes one step forward and three steps to his left and stops.
person is running straight ahead
a person walks forward, then takes a big step forward.
a person leans to his left side and kicks high with his right foot.
a person is dancing with left hand holding someone.
the person is walking then sitting on the floor.
someone climbs a step, walks and descends a step
a person runs up and jumps then continues to run.
person seems to be jumping rope
a person starts to jog slowly then begins slowing even more to a walk then a complete stop
a person walks forward and to the side, before stopping.
a man walks forward in a straight line.
a person is directing traffic by waving both his arms, then just his left arm, then both again, then right, then both
someone seems to enter carefully so as not to make noise
a person walks in a circle
person is running back and forth
a person walks in a circle
a person sat on something and did some jesture with hands
a man walks towards the camera moving left to right with a constant tempo between each step.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle while swinging right arm
the body walks in a clockwise circle.
a person lifts his right arm, then does a lunge with his left leg
a person raises both hands and claps their hands multiple times before returning to their original position.
the sim appears to grab an object with both hands before replacing the object to their right side.
someone crosses right leg in front of left then lowers body down in a sitting position and puts their arms in front for support
a person raises one arm up and points the other towards the floor as they stretch.
he steps out gingerly, walking forward.
a person is walking with both arms tucked to his body.
a person does jumping jacks.
this person stands then bounces up and down.
a man movea his right hand as if to wipe down a tabletop.
this person side steps right, stops and side steps left.
someone walks in a circle starting with their right foot while holding their arms at their sides.
a person dances and turns around.
a person walks down a ramp, first to the right, then to the left.
person is walking straight ahead
the arms barely curled moves to the left.
a person runs forward from the left to the right.
person picks something up with their left hand then walks forward
rotating arm forewards, then backwards
a person reaches for hand rail with right hand imitates walking up stairs then turns around and imitates walking downwards
a person lifts his right hand to his face.
a person waves with their left arm.
person slowly walks forwards with hands by side.
person walks forward at a consistent, moderate pace.
person jogs on the spot and turns to their left hand side
a person is standing and clapping hands.
a man walks slowly forward with his arms high above his head, stop, and lowers his arms.
a man catching and then throws an object with his right hand twice.
walking in a fast pace forward.
a man marches largely in a diaganol then turns around and stops.
a person is acting out the motions for the song 'i'm a little teapot'.
the person is just standing still then straightens out their arms on both sides.
a man shifts his position while sitting down.
a person does a drinking motion with his right arm
person walks slowly from upper left to bottom right using handrails to steady their steps.
person walks forward and makes a counterclockwise motion with hands, and then moves to the right side.
a person, walked forward in right direction, and after return back, keep slowly walking
a man stands and ben's both arms at the elbow and lift his shoulders slightly, then repeats again, then returns back to a standing position.
person steps backwards, then walks forward swing arms in circles, and then turns around and continues on their way back to the starting point.
a man moves counterclockwise in a circle and then stops.
a person walking in a straight line at a steady pace.
a person is walking then starts to slide to the right.
a man stands with his legs parted and slowly rotates his upper torso a few times, then starts to rotate his hips.
a person is kneeling down coiling something in their hands, then stands and backs away to the right.
this person walks a couple of steps then bows forward.
a standing person holds their hands in front of their chest and claps three times.
a person rests their hands on their knees while squatting.
a person is pushed to the right then walks back left.
a person squats down, bending at the knees and bringing their hands together in front of them, then stands up.
the person takes a step forward, while their arms are raised outward and at the height of their shoulders, and then quickly pulses their arms.
a person walks diagonally, turns around and then walks back
person looks as though he starts to fall but does not
walks in semicircle to left and turns right round to walk back a few steps
person raises both hands into the air and takes two steps forwards, then two steps back, as if dancing, then drops both hands to their side.
a man steps to the left before sitting down and the quickly gets up.
a person raised the left hand, and moved it left and right direction and after raised both hands
a person who jumps up and then performs a 180 counter clockwise jumping spin
person holds something up toward their face.
a person does a swinging golf club motion
a person jumps up and down twice while raising its arms.
taking a couple of steps back
a man lowers his raised arms, steps forward and the starts scrubbing something in front of him.
a person swipes one hnd across their shoulder, then swipes up and down, and then forward and back.
a person waves with the right hand.
a person holds on to a wall to balance while walking because their gait is out of alignment.
the person is jogging in place.
person walks forwards casually then stops
a person using a shovel to dig in the ground.
a person squats with arms above the head twice.
the person twisted something with his left hand and then backed up.
this person walks forward and picks something up then walks back.
an individual is running forward in at a normal paste.
a person walks forward quickly.
a man winds his arm up and throws something.
the person runs forward in a straight line.
a person reaches down to the left and transfers an item to the left.
a man leans forward and brushes something with his left hand.
a man walks forward, puts his left hand back and then throws something, he walks backwards and then raises his left arm up
a man walks forward in a curved line.
a person kicks their right leg then punches with right and left hands repeatedly.
a man walking in a zig zag motion.
the person walks forward with their knees bent in a crouching position.
a person goes in a fighting stance and kicks the air multiple times.
a person bends one arm at the elbow and moves their hand in a semi-circle back and forth
person appears to be holding some thing with both hands and then throws it forward with their left hand.
standing in place a person makes circular motions with their hands while bobbing up and down and twisting their pelvis
a person is throwing a ball, catches it back and then throw it again and catch it again.
the person is standing still and then claps their hand
a man walks foward slowly and then stops.
a person walks forward, then rapidly moves to the left, as though hit by something.
the person is swatting at a mosquito.
the man is readying a stance to fight with someone.
a person holds their left hand above their eyes and lowers it.
a man walks forwards, curving to the left.
sitting down and crossing legs then sitting on the floor.
a person squats down, stands back up, and stretches his arms horizontally.
person is standing up while praying
a person puts both his hands on his face then bends over and comes back up
person does a boxing punch, left uppercut
a person unscrews a bottle cap with right hand then begins to drink from bottle with left hand and then stops drinking.
a person stands still, then takes seven steps forward.
a person shrugs their shoulders.
a man drops his right arm suddenly as if he has no control
a person puts their arms down and sits down and puts their hand on their lap.
a person walking up stairs.
a person kneels down and looks up.
person standing with both feet firmly planted on the ground upper body moved very slightly
a person crosses arms briskly across the front of thier body, then raises one hand and moves both hands back and forth.
a person dances briefly and then performs a backflip.
a person takes a few steps forward then stops
person walks forward speedily then abruptly stops
a person standing in place claps their hands and then places arms back down at their sides.
person is shifting his weight from his left foot to his right foot to his left foot.
a person bends down, touches the ground, stands up and then walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person waves with right hand.
a person walks forward, turns and jogs back ending with a three-quarter turn.
a man puts on headphones and begins moving his body to the music.
the man lowers his arms and looks around in a circle motion.
a person with their arms raised throws both arms carelessly up in the air
the person jumped up then he was pushed from the right side.
person throws a left jab
a person walks forward a couple steps, turns to the left 90 degrees and walks forward, turns to the left 90 degrees and walks forward, turns to the left 90 degrees and walks forward before stopping.
a person cries into their hands.
person puts hands on head then chest then knees then toes
a person is sitting
a person jogs forward.
a man is walking with wide space as if he is stepping on stones trying to avoid water or mud.
a person shuffles from the right to the left.
a person seems to be hopping on his legs.
a person spins and then stumples to get their balance after the spin.
a man with his left arm raised walk clockwise.
the figure is performing a bicep curl with its left arm.
a person walks and lifts something up to move it
a person moves their left arm in a jerky motion.
a person waves both arms in a back and forth motion.
a person standing with his arms spread wide from his sides, drops his arms, jumps up, then steps forward and stops.
the person is swaying back-and-forth.
a man side steps to the left, then side steps to the right, then side steps to the left to end at the center.
a person moves forward and right.
the figure walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person laying on their side slowly stands up and assumes an athletic stance with their hands out front
a person gets on their hands and knees and begins crawling forward, using their right hand to start, and then alternating with their left.
a man lifts his right leg. he kicks the air once, then stretches it to his left, bending it as the knee as he twists it. he then stretches it back out and kicks the air several more times.
the person takes a few steps forward, turning to the right slowly with each step.
a person walks forward slightly slowly and at a angle to their right
a person taps his right hand in the air twice. they then make a rowing movement on each side of their body and then outline a cloud infront of them
a person bends to their right to pick something up, then turns to their left and makes brushing movements with their hands.
a person starts on his knees and stands up.
someone abruptly steps backward, seemingly surprised or startled by something.
person stands with feet wide apart lifting  right arm shoulder length then lifts left arm up as well and stays in position
the person is  jumping over to the side.
the person runs while dribbling the basketball
a person takes a jumpshot.
walking in a diagonal line with arm outstretched.
a person kneels down while placing thier left hand on a stool.
a person crouches low like a gorilla and walks on all fours from right to left.
the figure appears to be ballroom dancing by themselves noteably their hands aren't up as if to indicate a partner and their neck is downturned to look at their feet; they take steps that outline a square with their feet apart and then together then back and together before they turn out of the square and seem to be starting the patern again.
a person unzipping pants flyer
a person raises both hands above their head and takes ten small jumps.
a person throws punches, one with his right hand and four with his left hand.
a person brings their hands together to work on something small in front of them.
a person doing torso-twists, side-bends, and a lower back/hamstring stretch.
person swings left arm as if pitching a ball to the right.
a person is playing basketball and move quickly to the right
a person walks forward and then turns to their left 180 degrees and then continues to walk forward
a seated person lowers their left hand from their shoulder, lifts both hands up to shoulder height with elbows bent, and then stands straight up while lifting their arms to the sides.
a person walks forward careful to avoid something that is on the ground.
a person slowly walks up several steps.
a person slowly walked forward and in left direction
a person stands still while rotating each arm in a circular forward motion. starting with the left arm then with the right arm. and both arms at the same time
the man stand opposite direction like a exericeses.
a person has their arms to their hips and leans forward and backward.
a person jumped while raised the hands
a person is signalling in basketball
a person jumps repeatedly, raising their arms up and extending their legs.
a person is bent over with their arms around a dog.  they bounce around, let the dog stand up and pet it.  they let the dog sit down, look around, and lift the dog up momentarily before putting him back down to their original position.
a person walks forward at a medium speed.
person put left hand on someone's hip and right hand on someone's shoulder, and then they sway from side to side with their hips
a person scratches their head with their right hand.
the man is sitting raises his left hand twice stand and walk to the back then raises his arms.
a person ducks down suddenly, steps forward, and stands back up.
person curls both hands in front of them, bending at the elbow.
a man walks from side to side in a clockwise circle.
the man reaches his left arm down and he bends over to pick something up.
person starts with arms stretched at side and moves backwards to sit down.
bending down then up.
a person walks to the left side.
this person is hopping around in circles.
a person leans left while holding his right hand infront of his face slowly gesturing and then waves with the same hand.
the man jogs forward 4 steps.
a man throws something twice with good motion
a person runs forward in a straight line.
person checking the time on his left wrist
a person claps their hands, then walks to a chair and sits down before reaching for an object with their left hand.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks in one direction then stops, turns, and continues walking in a different direction.
a person jumoed on the place
a standing person is making small rapid motions with their left hand near their head.
a person walking to the right and then turning around sharply walking to the left, making a circle.
a person lifts weights with their right hand
the person walks backwards then crawls forward
a person steps over two items coming towards the screen, turns and goes back over them to return to start.
the person is walking on the treadmill.
a person reaches forward and presses something with their left hand before swiping with both hands, and repeating the motion.
the person twisted something with his right hand and then backed up.
a person is imitating a monkey.
a person walks forward, kneels down to pick something up and place it on a slightly higher position, before turning around and walking back.
a person does two small bunny hops.
a person hops in place.
the person sits down and then stands back up.
a person doing jumping jacks .
person walks to spot and then sprints
a person is wiggling their arms
he tries to clean the floor
a man takes several steps forward and stops
a person walks to the the right.
a person standing still, walks in place, then jogs in place, and then runs in place.
a person steps forward, then kneels down using their left hand for support.
the person walks backwards in an s pattern
a person bends over and flaps his arms.
a person walking up an elevated surface
the driver waits at the door to deliver the pizza
a person pretends to be a dog
man stands pivoting on left foot holding up right leg with both arms stretched open trying to keep balance.
a person is smoothing out something in front of them.
man extends left arm directly in front of him, moves it in front of his body from right to left and back down
a person start to dig something
a sitting person dabs with left arm, then waves both arms in front of their chest up and down. then the person dans agin with the left arm, stands up, and walks forward and to its right.
a person appears to open something, like a microwave, and then take something out and place it on the ground.
a person raised he lef for half and after changed the leg
a person side steps in a defensive position.
a person limps forwards, holding their right leg.
a person looks around then awkwardly waves with their right hand.
person stands with arms outstretched then walks diagonally two steps to their left and sits down on a chair
a person walks to the the left.
a person slowly walks forward.
moving hand up and down.
a man walks from side to side while holding his right forearm with right hand, and then walks back.
person is waling down.
a person walks top his right.
a person throws a shotput.
a person walking sideways to the right, then diagonally to left and back to center.
a person picks up a horizontal object from their left side then places it vertically on their right, then they return to their left again.
person is going down the invisble stairs
a person steps to their right and puts their right arm in the air.
person is making animal like gestures
person jogs from right to left and then back to where they started
a person throws a right over handed punch.
a person swims a breast stroke.
walks forward with a wide gait. person seems confident and aggressive
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides brings his arms together at shoulder height and points his hands to his right, then returns his arms to his sides.
a person kneels down, crawls forward several paces, turns around and stands up.
the person is doing a two leg one hand crawl.
person jumps in 360 degree motion
a person sits, then stands and walks to the side, before going back to sit again
the person is walking forward.
a person throws their hands outwards then back in front of them.
the person walks sideways and hops.
i man runs forward and does a summersalt and lands perfectly.
a man throws something and then catches something.
a person starts dancing in an eratic fashion.
a man walks in a circle then lays down and then gets back up and starts walking again.
a person walks forward and then trips, almost falling before catching themselves; they turn around and to the same thing again.
a man jumping and raising arms.
person lifts something as if to empty the content out by tilting it to the left
a person holds their hands in front of them and moves them in a circular motion
the person raises their left arm
a person open their ams wide, and then lowers their right arm while making a gesture with their left arm.
a person continuously jogs counter clockwise.
person stands with feet wide apart lifting  left arm shoulder length then lifts right arm up as well and stays in position
person looks behind them and sits in a seating position raising legs
the person is drinking from a bottle with his right hand.
a person side steps to the left and then to the right
a person stomps their left foot.
a person appears to be interacting with another person we cannot see. they are waving their left hand in the air appearing to give a "no" signal to the other person.
the person is lifting the dumbbell with his left arm.
a man steps forward with his left foot.
a person takes two large steps forward while putting their hands out straight then lowering them to the side.
a person lifts weights with their right hand.
the person is walking in circles
a man is holding his arms up and out to his sides then drops them down, he lifts his left hand and moves it from right to left in front of him then from his head to his waist and forward and back in a cross pattern.
a man walks forward slowly, hunched slightly and with both arms bent and at his sides, before he stands to full height.
a person dances a waltz.
a person sits down and then stands up to take a walk and again sits down.
a person standing up looks around panically by snapping their neck in different directions.
a person scratches their head with their right hand.
person walks forward, turns around, and walks back
the person is doing the moonwalk.
a person has both of their hands in front of them as they are carefully looking around.
raising arm towards chest while standing.
the figures hand rests on something that guides them as they take a few steps up the stairs.
a person who is standing with his arms away from his sides, raises his arms, leans right and swings his left arm above his head two times.
a person moving his hand around in small circles.
a person spins their hand in a circle, pretends to type, the taps with their right hand twice.
a person walks casually forward.
a person is standing but motions as if they are swimming.
a man stands with his right foot put  foward and his right arm twitching with a bow shape.
a person walks towards the camera turning left slowly.
a man walks forward and then stops.
the man walks with a prideful step about 4 feet and then turns around to walk back to his original spot.
a person standing in place holds a ball with both hands, then throws the ball with right hand and catches the ball with both hands, then throws the ball and catches the ball again.
a person sits on a chair behind them and then stands back up.
a person is lifting their right arm waving his hand then raising it above his shoulder while swaying back and forth.
a man stands up from bowing and then steps back.
a person steps to the left
a person is laying down, then gets up to a position where his shoulders are high and his head is down low.
a person, staying on helf knee, and raise arm , and keep balancing
a man walked forward with hands hanging loosely at his sides.
the arms move towards the head in a jabbing motion then make a forward circle with both arms, ending with reaching above the head.
person checks right wrist then outs it back to his sied
a man bounces back and forth in a defensive position and then appears to punch twice with his left arm
a person walked forward in right direction adn jumped
a person with his arms at his sides, stretches his arms out from his sides, lowers his arms, jogs in place, then lifts his arms outstretched again and lowers them to his sides.
pacing back and forth from left to right.
person slightly pushed forward and takes two steps forward.
a person is jumping in place and crossing their arms then stops as if something got caught on their foot.
arms to the side, moving up toward the head and back down.
person is doing cart wheels
a man leisurely throws a ball.
a person takes a single step down.
a figure lifts something from waist height then lifts and turns it to place it on a higher shelf or to pour it
the person is walking sideways to the right and then as they reach the end they go back
the man is moving his left arm
a person kicks a ball with their left foot.
a person kneels down while touching something.
a person hops on one foot, then lands on two feet twice then turns around.
a man sticks out both hands, appears to pick something up, holds it in his left hand, braces it with his right hand, and then sets the invisible object down
a person performs a right side kick.
a person breakdances by doing a head turn.
the person raises both hands and throws a slow punch with their left hand.
someone lifts a weight-like object with their right hand.
a person slowly walked forward and returned
person walking with a limp.
[from:to(0:3s)] a person dodges something to his right, before squatting down.
a person balancing and walking with his hand up .
a person begins by facing forward. they then make a half turn, counter-clockwise with their arms swinging out. they then walk six steps away before turning clockwise back to face the front.
a person waltzes in a three step rhythm with their left arm held out in front of them.
the person moves slowly, leaning their upper body toward the left side, moves his right hand as if brushing something of his leg and kicks the right leg out slightly.
a man takes a big swing with his arm.
a person puts his hands together and puts his right hand to his face.
a man stands completely still with his arms raised.
a person hops on his right foot and then turns in place in a counter clockwise circle.
the man thrusts his body horizontally while windmilling both arms forward at the same time.
a person sits on a ledge
a person raises his arms above his head, walks forward four steps, stops and lowers his arms.
circular movement of hips
this person jumps up and down on his left leg.
a person walking forward with their left hand up suddenly walk to their left and brings both hands up, then they recover and puts their right hand down.
a person jump and turns 90 degrees.
person walks to the right, opens something and then walks back
a person steps to the side and then twist their body around in a dance like motion.
a person puts their hands together and draws them up to their right, then swings them both to the left as if they're golfing.
a person jumps on his left foot several times then on his right foot then on his two feet
a person lifts dumbbells towards his body several times.
a person lifts their arms and legs and moves forward in various ballet positions.
the person holds their hands together and moves as if playing tennis.
a person walks in a clockwise circular motion
a person walks and is pushed forwards.
a person stretches their arms by locking their fingers and straightening the arms forward.
a person grabbed both hands and did something
the person ran forward to kick a soccer ball.
the person worriedly clasps and wrings their hands, then drops their arms by their sides.
the person is walking straight forward.
the person is walking normally.
a person standing with feet wide apart lifts both arms outstretched to shoulder level.
a person wipes in a circular motion with left hand.
the person took a small jump forward.
a person lets their hand down from there head and puts something down.
man stands still before walking backwards
person walks forward and sits on high chair
a person picking up a item and about to place it down
a person walking in an odd manner as if he/she was drunk
a man waves his hands then stands on his left leg while lifting his right.
the person was turning on the faucet.
a person jogging on a treadmill.
a person sways to swing their right foot followed by their left foot.
the person took a big step over something.
a person touches something at chest height with both hands and then takes a couple steps backwards
a person hoping on a platform
the man is moving his arms
a man holds his arms in the middle position and releases downwards , and then raises the left hand up and down.
a person is bent over and looking around
a person walks forward and to their right
the person is walking towards the left.
a man standing appears to be drumming or hitting something.
a man sits down, brings his hands to his face and then stands back up.
a man stands from the sitting position, then walks forward in a diagonal directions towards his right, then stops and raises his arms to his side.
a man moves both of his arms in front of him.
a person looks down at the ground and then takes one jump forward with both feet.
the man is doing yoga
a figure walks to diagonal to the right turns around an walks up to the left and then back to quarter to the forward.
a person claps their hands together and then lowers their arms.
the person was push but did not fall.
a person windmills both arms in wide circles before their arms drop to their sides, raise and are pulled forward to their chest.
a person slowly gets down on their knees and puts their hands up, down, up, then down again.
a man plays the violin the goes back to his original position.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs
a person admires a ring on their finger.
a person who stood in a t pose ; then pours something down
a figure does the macarena dance
a man gets on all fours and crawls around and gets back up.
a person kicks alternating legs
a man stands with his elbows bent and makes up and down emotions with his left arm.
person raising both hands and arms, and slightly jumping up and down
a person gestures picking something up then putting it down.
a figure jogs in place
a person picks an item up from an invisible table, walks to it's left a few steps, turns 180ยฐ, grabs an item of an invisible table with his left and, and swirls his right hand
a person walks forward slowly in an unbalanced fashion.
a person walks around carefully looking for something, periodically looking up from the ground and around them.
a person walks forward slowly.
a man holds his left arm with his right as he stretches it across his chest, then lowers both arms to his sides.
a figure bends at the knees, picks up an object with both hands, and stands up while holding the object.
a person is walking up stairs while holding the hand rail.
a person grabs something with their left hand.
person is doing dance moves
the person was pushed over
jumping up and down in place.
a person uses their left arm and moves in back and forth at waist level as if wiping a table then walks and sets something down
person moves forward and lifts right leg knee height and balances
walking forward in a straight line.
a person raises their hands above their shoulders while bouncing on their toes then stops bouncing and returns their arms to their sides.
a person pretends to be an animal, possibly a furry.
a person lowers and raises their arms at their sides, while crouching.
a person starts in a crouch position, stands and stumbles as if drunk, then looks at something in his left hand.
person bends  over to grab something and acts like they are fighting off other people from grabbing the thing.
this person is standing still with a slight movement of their left shoulder.
a person moonwalks back and to the side, then moonwalks forward.
a man jogs on the spot for a few seconds.
a person walking then stopping.
a person swinging golf club or swinging and hitting ball with a bat.
the person takes a swing with the baseball bat
a man climbs up and seems to be putting something away with both hands
a man turns to his right and brings his hands up to touch in front of his chest as he kicks something with his right leg.
a person breakdances by skipping backwards, then drops one one hand to the ground, pivots to his other hand and into a headstand, drops his feet back to the ground, then flips over, raises one hand up, then bounces off his other hand and onto his feet.
a person bends his right arm inward in front of his chest
a person walks forward slightly hunched, dragging their leg almost as though they are injured
a person steps forward, turns around and walks back.
the man plays the violin.
the person swings his arm in and then swings his left arm out.
a person swam in free style
a person lifts their right arm straight out to the side, then turns it to point straight forward.
the person is picking something up tilting it on its side.
person has both arms lifted to side of body shoulder length then  bring arms to side and then bring both hands together chest height
someone is walking forward and is pushed backwards, then they recover and continue walking forward.
a person walks in a circle counter-clockwise.
a person dancing, starting in a t pose, the. turns, continues to dance and finishes with another turn
a person walks forward and rests their weight on an object with their left hand, then they use their right hand to twist an object clockwise.
hi cindy drinking a bottle with his right hand.
the person bends his right arm at the elbow and puts it in front of his face, then returns it to his side.
a man holds his right arm out before lowering it.
a person stands up while raising their arms.
a man leans forward just in front of him to pick up an imaginary item on the right of the screen and moves it to the right side of the screen.
a person walks on a treadmill.
a person putting their hands to there face
a man lifts himself from a squat and walks to the right.
a person stands still and then reaches and grabs something with their left hand.
person standing with feet spread apart and appears to be calling out a football or basketball play.
the person was placing some thing in front of him.
the person walks and turn left and stop
a person casually struts in a counterclockwise oval almost back to their original position, swinging their arms lightly at their side as they walk.
the person is untangling himself from a rope.
robot started moving backward and then stopped.
the person moves the tray from the left side to the right side
a person shakes shoulders fast.
a person weaves back and forth as the jog.
the body goes on the knees with hands on the floor.
a person staggers while walking.
a person waves their hands in circles
a person jogs on the spot
a man drops down to the floor and crawls forwards on his hands and knees with his head down, makes a half-turn anti-clockwise and continues crawling forwards, then returns to a standing position.
a person walks towards the left side.
the figure takes five steps facing forward as on a runway show.
a man takes a step to the right to balance himself and then lifts both arms up at the same time aproximately 90 degrees.
a figure stretches their biceps and shoulders by crossing one arm over the other
a person walks slowly hunched over to the left.
the person jumps a few times and then does three jumping jacks.
a person walks straight forward, before stopping.
the person swings their left arm in a circular motion at the shoulder forward for four circles and then backwards for four circles.
a person turns a steering wheel to the left.
a person, having a conversation, is using their arms to explain/emphasize something.
a person is making rapid up and down, and side to side motions with their left arm, by bending it at the elbow.
a person starts to run while starting from a standstill position across a floor and then stops.
a person is jogging forward.
a man walk with a long, determined gate.
a person rocks back and forth slightly in an intimidating stance.
a person uses hands to eat soup.
the man walks across to get something walks back then back again to put the thing back.
a person throws a ball with their left arm.
a man gets up off the ground from his knees.
a person raises both arms, does torso twists and side bends to both sides, then stretches their back, first backwards, then bent over forward.
a figure calls to someone in the distance in exasperation
a person does salsa dancing forward and then turns around.
a person slowly and stiffly walks in a circle while facing forward
person pick some thing up on the left and moved it to the right.
a person walks around in a cirlce
a man steps forward with his right hand outstretched four times.
a person walks counterclockwise in a circle.
person walks forward and to the left
a person has his legs spread and arms crossed.
a person is moving something with both hands.
a person throws a baseball with left arm.
the person rubbed his belly and then waved with his left hand.
person is backing up.
a person person trips forward.
this person side steps left, stops and side steps right.
a man steps forward with both of his arms stiffly at his side.
the person is arguing with someone.
a person takes a few steps back , walks forward and does a handstand. he then falls back onto his feet.
person looks like they are making arm and leg circles as if they are doing breast stroke.
a person jumped and raised the hands up
a person lifts a suitcase with left hand.
a person is carefully drinking from a cup
person takes step backward, then walks forward one step and does an exercise
a person hops off the ground twice.
a person bounces on their feet.
a person walks in a clockwise direction.
person is walking in circular motion
someone stands in one spot and claps
a person waves with little enthusiasm.
a person picks something up with both hands, tilts it, then sets it down
a person does a jumping jack, then twists their body a few times to stretch, then brings an elbow to an opposite knee a few times.
a person is jogging, alternating left foot and right hand moving forward, then their opposites.
a person is kneeling to tie the laces on the right shoe.
a person steps back, sits down, stands up and steps forward.
the person leans forward and does a scooping motion with their arm and hand and turning to the left. the arm is then shot up straight and then they do the scooping motion again. the hand extends straight and then up to the sky.
a person wlowly walked forward
the person stands in a slightly squatted position with both hands resting below their belly. they raise their red hand up asking somebody to stop.
the person is jogging in place.
a person is crouched and brings both hands together then seperates them again
a person looks at their left bicep as they flex it.
a person stretching both arms.
person bends elbows so the hands are in front of the face, then drops the left arm and leaves the right up.
a person raises their right hand and waves.
a person is standing still, then walks forward and turns to the left while still walking, then stops
a person walks using a handrail with his left hand.
person was waving with his left arm.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person appears to be walking on a single line with one foot in front of the other
person does a quick left hook keeping legs on floor
he is looking around as if he is confused or searching for something.
a man walks from right to left and then moves hips.
a person runs back and forth while delivering various roundhouse kicks.
a person moves forward and does 180 degree turn and goes back to the same spot as he was before
a man walking rapidly forward with both arms swinging at his sides.
a man raises his left arm to a railing while slowly walking up stairs.
a person standing still, then took one step forward.
a person throws a right punch to someone's gut
a person waives his hands in the air then covers his mouth and looks down. he looks like he is laughing
a person is walking while holding a hand rail
a person walks forward and then to their left at a normal pace.
person is takign something throwing it then backing up.
person is doing some dancing standing up.
the person is scampering across the floor
a person leans forward, lowers his arm then turns to the side lowering the other arm, while moving arm back and forth.
a person sits on a stool of some sort and brushes off their legs.
the man leaps to the right.
a man raises their arms above their head then brings it back down.
person walks forward and to the left
a person standing then put both arms out to do arm stretches.
the person lifts his left hand to his chest and holds it there for a moment.
a person walks clockwise in a circle.
a person reaches their head with their right hand and scratches their scalp.
a person walks forward then to the right.
a person punches with their right arm.
a person sidesteps one way then backtracks
from a standstill position, a person seems to make the motion of throwing a ball with their left hand.
a person grabbed something with right and left hand and put it somewhere
a person take a step forward in a straight direction then continues to walk forward and slightly to their right.
a man is in a seated postion. he alternates between moving his right and left hands in a driving motion.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
the person raises their hands to their head, holds them briefly and then lowers them.
a person is throwing and catching a ball.
a person lifts up an object, tilts it and then places it back down where it was before
a person is drinking something.
the left arm extends aggressively back and forth then the right hand extend out and back, taking fast steps.
the person claps their hands while standing up
person moves backwards towards the left then right as though he is playing a sport game like football or baseketball
a person jogs in place.
a person steps with his or her right foot crossing in front of the left, squatting to the floor with his or her legs crossed. then stands back up and uncrosses legs to come back to a standing position without hardly moving the left foot.
throw a baseball with his left hand.
a man does a high knee kick with his left knee traveling slightly forwards then walks to original position to do the same kick with his right knee
a person is tossing an object in front of them; looks like someone else is playing toss with them.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their left hand.
a figure stands and begins to gesture with their right hand, maybe shaking hands or high fiving in a sports event
a man walks from side to side and turn round and walks to his place.
a person gets down on both knees.
someone is throwing an object
the person with getting in the stance to throw the football.
man turn left hand inward and outward the reach to the right with both hands bring both back to the center and then right hand flip back and forth to rest in center.
a man walks forwards at a medium pace whilst taking a gradual right turn.
a person runs around in a circle in a clockwise motion, completing two laps total
a person takes a long drink using both hands.
a person bend the body, in righ and left direction
a man walks into a wall and turns around
person is unlocking a safe
walking side to side.
a person with his hands down by his sides reaches down for something with his right hand, uses the object to make a stirring motion, then places the item back down.
a person scratches their right shoulder with left hand
standing completely still and not moving.
a person rotates trunk to right  twice then one time to his left
a person jumps forward with the right foot, moves the left foot in front of the right foot, and then moves both feet back to standing position.
a person starts standing with knees slightly bent and arms held out to the side at shoulder level, drops both hands down to the knees and holds them there.
a person kicks with their left leg hard, then turns around.
well 8 rir it three years ago
a man reaches over and picks up some wet soap, and washes his hands with it.
a person walking slowly in front of them step by step.
a standing man does rolli polli with his hands in the air then do basket ball dribble action and then moves left hand towards his right hand back and fro
the body goes on hands and knees to start crawling then turns around to crawl.
a man sits down backwards into a backward roll, then returns to a standing position.
doing a cartwheel then jumping up and down.
a person takes 4 steps forward and then stops.
a person does bicep curls with their right hand.
a person seems to be looking for something on the ground, then walks and stands
a person performs martials arts with their left arm blocking 4 times at a high level, one time at a mid level, and one time at a lower level.
person person is planting vegetables.
a man slowly leans to the right, putting his weight on his rightmost foot, then lifts his left arm above his head.
person squats all the way to the ground, then leaps up all the way, raising both hands above the head.
person stands in the same spot while repeatedly bending both arms at the elbow toward their head.
person appears to be directing traffic with both hands.
a person who is standing with his arms at his side, crouches, drops onto his hands, flips his feet into the air and returns with his feet on the ground.
a person waves with their left hand. seems friendly
a person walking around in circle's
a man walks from side to side, right then left.
someone runs slow and stops
a person takes a step back
person makes slapping motion with right hand
this person has both arms extended to his sides then drops his left arm.
the person is bouncing to do boxing.
a man steps onto, walks across, then steps off a rectangular box on the ground.
a person steps sideways, crossing one foot behind the other, kicks their right foot up while swinging their left arm out, then returns to where they started.
a person walks forward two steps and turns around and walks back two steps
person is running straight ahead
a figure walks forward and to a circular motion to the left
a person is doing some quick warmup stretches/movements for their shoulders, chest, and back, swinging his arms front to back.
the person lift their left arm and starts looking at their watch
the person jogs in place then jogs around.
he lifts right foot and swings it sideways
the person extending their right leg.
a person sitting on an object  uses his hands to steer something like a steering wheel.
the person is doing a quick punch kick.
a person is holding something down with their right hand and repeatedly chops down on it with their left hand.
two arms are brought down to their hips and played around with he right hand
stay stand on the place and run.
a man walks forward, picks an object up with left hand, moves the object to the right side and then steps back.
a person with knees slightly bent spasms
a person walks slowly down stairs.
a person is standing and adjusts their weight to lean more on their left side.
person is casually walking forward
the figure is hunched forward and walking slowly as if sneaking
a person is walking in a c shape and then stops
a person raises and lowers a dumbbell a few times with their left arm.
the figure walks from the top to the bottom of the gray area, turns around and walks back to the top. the figure is high energy, skipping with each step and flailing both arms.
person is walking sideways to the left.
a person throws something with their left hand
a person throws something, then catches something, then throws it
person walks forward and to the left
a person scratches their head
person is standing and turns to there right and bends over almost to a crouched position.
a person jogging in a diagonal line to the right side.
a man picks something up off the ground.
a person passing a ball or just kicking the ground twice
a person waves with their left hand.
person crouches down from moving from right to left in a stalking manor
a person is running quickly.
a person holds something with left arm, then throws it
person jumps in the air once
a person is directing traffic by waving both his arms, then just his right arm, then both again, then left, then both
a person walks several steps forward.
a person who seems to be shouting out
the figure does a shot put throw, complete with the wind up spin.
a person raises his right arm and moves his left arm and left hand up and down in a regular fashion.
a person kneels down placing their left knee and left hand simultaneously on the ground, then their right knee and finally their right hand.
a person stretches their arms backwards, then clasps their fingers and stretches upwards.
the person is walking straight forward.
a person steps over something.
the person is walking on the treadmill.
a person is swinging a tennis racket.
body reaches down to right, straighten and twist to left bring right arm up and then reaches back down to right side.
a person spints in a circle then taks big steps forward
a person raises his left hand to his face, sways, then lifts his left hand to his face and the walks to the right.
a person walks in a clockwise circle, before stopping.
a person limps while putting their hands on their right leg
a person squats down multiple times.
a person walks, then sprints, then takes wide spaced steps.
person walks forward several paces slightly veering to the left.
a person walks forward slowly, their arms swinging slightly, then they turn around.
a person standing and acting like a chicken.
someone raises their left arm flat in front of them, then puts it back at their side.
a persons claps with their hands
the man is punching the air with both hands
person is sitting and waving.
a person is crouching down and looking around
a person raises his left arm in front of him.
person is likely eating something
a person lifts both hands up then wipes themselves off.
person is sweeping the floor
a person walks backwards and then forwards.
the person is punching something.
the person is on the seesaw.
the person is walking forward, their left hand is pressing on top of something and lifts off and then pressing their left hand down again as they walk forward. they stop walking and move both arms up so they are spread out like airplane wings
the person is pouring some thing from a bottle.
the person is getting ready to golf.
a person jumps very high and steps forward making little kicks, then stands with right arm in the air.
a person who seems to be warming up their right leg
walking forward and then back.
this person walks from left to right, from back to front.
a person rests their hands on their knees while squatting.
a person sprints to his right.
person has arms extended to side of body shoulder height then moves both hands into centre and holds together
a person moves their right hand, then their left hand and puts both hands over their head and back down towards their waist.
a man walks forward in a straight line.
person taking two steps before hesitating to step over object
a person bends its knees up and down, while their arms are in a w shape.
a person stretches their right arm up over their head while leaning to the left.
a man is crossing his arms in front of him and then swings them side to side and then up and down.
a person strides forward at a brisk pace.
a person raised his right hand and made the jesture with it
a person walks forward five steps and then stops.
a person stretches their arms out to their sides, drops their right arm, and then raises it back up.
a person is swinging both legs and arms.
a person shrugs their shoulders and swings their arms.
a person opens a bottle and drinks with their right hand.
a person steps forward and then jumps up.
person moving his torso in circular motion from left to right
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person quickly shuffles to the left before pausing, then quickly shuffles forward towards their right.
a person put something down and slowly walked forwards in left direction
a man begins to walk, stepping off on his left foot moving forward. then crossing his right foot over his left to change direction towards the back of the platform. he does this changing direction until he completes a figure 8, ending at his staring location.
a person steps to the right and sits down.
as a person walks forward, their right hand is touching something to give them support.
a person walks quickly then slowly drops to the ground assuming a pushup position.
he boxes right upwards then stops
person is lifting dumbells both hands
the person starts in a wide standing position, swings left leg behind and around back to the wide standing position.
from a standing position, the person takes one step backwards
a person is greeting other person by bowing.
a man stands straight up with his arms to his sides, then begins the evenly walk forwards and to the left then stops facing the left.
the person swings both arms, squats, and jumps while turning 45 degrees to his right before landing.
someone is doing the salsa dance steps repetitively.
a person is hunched over slightly, then stumbles slightly.
raising there hands and moves them around
a person is walking in place.
a person who is walking backwards
person walks forward and curves to the left.
a person does an aggressive shuffle back and forth
person lifts right hand to mouth then scratches then right hand scratches left wrist
a man lifts his left leg. he kicks the air once, then stretches it to his right, bending it as the knee as he twists it. he then stretches it back out and kicks the air several more times.
a person walks forward very slowly
he pretends to be a dragon
the sim appears to walk forward bend slightly grabbing an object with their left hand.
a person lifts their hand to wave and then brings it back to their side.
the person takes six normal size fast steps forward.
the person is shaking their shoulders standing up and again bending at the waist.
a person crosses and lowers their arms.
a person crawls on their hands and knees then stands
swinging body in a circular motion.
a person walks forward lifting kicking feet up behind him.
a person gets down on both knees.
a person is standing up, then touches his right foot with his right hand then his left foot with his left hand
a person moves quickly forward with arms and legs outstretched to appear bigger.
a man bends his right leg then kicks it out in the air.
a person, standing, raises his left hand as if to check his watch and then lowers his hand back to his side.
he throws very hard
the person is doing some acting.
a person slowly walks forward then turns around
the man is doing dance waltz
walking side to side while moving hands.
jumping on one leg.
a person jumps to his left.
a person jogs forward and begins to slow down.
a person gets into a stance and kicks with his left leg.
person is swimming with both  arms and legs extending in motion
a person removes a sponge from a bucket and then washes a car prior to returning the sponge to the bucket.
the person changes the song on their smartphone
a person cautiously walks, turns around counter-clockwise walks a bit, turns clockwise, and then raises their arms
a man picks something up with his left hand and swirls it around.
this person moves both arms from sides to the front then to the sides again.
a person is putting both hands to his face.
a man quickly steps forward and kicks an object with his left foot.
the man take 4 steps in a curve to the left.
a person picks something up with their left hand, raises it up to their face for a few seconds, and then slowly puts it back down.
a person takes a step sideways to their left and assumes a seated position.
a person paces frustratingly to their right then left.
a person lifting a dumbbell twice with his right arm.
a person raises their right hand and points forward.
a person runs forward to throw with the left arm
a figure casually walks counterclockwise in a circle.
man appears to be walking forward on a beam or tightrope
a man puts hinds hands up goes forward abit puts his hands on the ground lifts them up from it and kneels
a person with one foot in front of them leaning forward.
a person jumps straight up and down, twice in a row.
a person walks forward swinging its arms.
a person abruptly moves laterally to his right.
aman runs at a left angle curve, doubles back, and then walks forward.
a person raises their right hand to their head.
a person runs and leaps.
a man takes slow dramatic steps down a ramp.
a person with their arms raised starts to set it down.
a person slowly takes four steps forward.
a person throws an object with their left hand.
person raises right arm out to the side.
a person sways right and shakes their left hip, then sways left and shakes their right hip.
a person throws something with their left hand
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides steps back, takes three steps to his left, turns 180 degrees and walks four steps, turns 180 degrees and walks two steps and then faces forward.
the person walks forward straight and backwards diagonally
he moves to the side
a person walks in a circle
a man using both hands to lift something off ground and places it back on ground in a slightly different position
person walk diagnally while holding on to something with both hands.
a person walks forward a couple steps, turns to the right 90 degrees and walks forward, turns to the right 90 degrees and walks forward, turns to the right 90 degrees and walks forward before stopping.
the person is moving an item
the person move to the left and recovered from falling.
a person lifts something with their right hand.
a man rotates his upper body anti-clockwise while leaning forwards, then rotates his hips anti-clockwise.
a man walks forward and raises both his arms and then drop his arms .
a person bends down with their hands on their knees into a crouching position, then straightens back up, bracing their hands on their thighs.
a man walks forward knocks on a door then turns around and walks away.
a person walks back and forth from left to right, stops, and stands in one place.
the person is acting graceful to pick up a lady.
a person steps each leg backwards.
person raises arms slightly at the sides.
a person appears to be playing a guitar.
a person walks in a circular motion
a person standing on the place for a long time, and after moved slightly to the right direction
a person jumps up and down with their hands in the air.
a person stands upright then leans back to the right and extends both arms forward diagonally.
a person walks backwards in a counterclockwise curve.
a person makes a scratching motion with both hands quickly alternating, stops hand movement, bends down, and wiggles the head; these motions are repeated two more times.
a person waves their right hand at head height.
a standing person wipes a table with their right hand in a clockwise motion.
a person sways gently right then left, takes a turn clockwise, then takes a few short steps.
the person is posing looking down.
moving forward slowly while bending down.
a person wlowaly walked forward iin left direction, while balancing
person walks forward, turns around, and walks back
a person lifts weight above their head and then squats down and back up.
aman runs at a right angle curve, doubles back, and then walks forward.
man raises arms over the head but feet stay on ground.
he pretends that soldiers march
this person steps around while shaking his left hand.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes four quick steps forward and stops.
a person walked backwards and returned
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person moves their hands up above their head, appearing to stretch their back.
a person walks, stepping onto a big object.
a man bends his legs, gets up and then claps in a sequence multiple times.
a man walks in a counterclockwise circle and then returns to his original standing position.
the person is on the seesaw.
a man walks a few steps, turns around walks back, turns around again.
a person walks forward with a quick step at the end.
the person walked in and sat down immediately .
a person walks around in a counter counterclockwise direction.
a person steps forward with their left foot, then steps with their right foot, does a 180 degree turn to the right on their right foot, steps forward with their left foot and right again.
a person runs forward and then stops.
a person is stretching their left leg.
a man lifts an object with his right hand to his face.
walking normal left and right infront of one and another
person walks forward several paces slightly veering to the right.
a person standing still, walks in place, then jogs in place, and then runs in place.
a man continuously moves his hands forward and backwards.
a person walking and doing a quarter of a circle to the left side.
the person was lifting a dumbbell with his right arm.
a person puts his right hand out and starts moving both hands.
a man casually takes 5 steps up an invisible flight of stairs.
a person walks with both hands in the air.
a person sits on a chair and leans back, relaxing and folding their legs.
a person uses his right arm to do a passing something back motion
robot start moving from right to left and then stopped.
a person puts their hands on their waist and flaps their arms like a chicken's wings while pecking their neck like a chicken.
figure is on its knees with hands on thighsand starting with its left leg gets up and shuffles diagonally to the right and looks back.
the man stretches his arms.
the person is acting like a human bear
a man holding his partner dances in a counter clockwise direction while facing forward.
a person lays down on the ground with their hands placed forward and their elbows bent
a person bows then walks forward.
a person is moving an object from one spot to another.
a person holds both arms out to the sides, drops his right arm, and then raises it back up before dropping both arms down to his sides.
a person placing something from left to right
person walks slowly forward before coming to a stop
person holds something up toward their face.
a person walks forward then turns to their left and raises their left arm speaking to somebody
the person is doing football gestures.
the  person with walking forward and hurt his right foot.
the person is curling its arms and stretching to its red side.
person is scratching their own right scholder.
a person lifts their left hand and places it palm down at shoulder height. then raises both hands and returns them to original position.
a man holds something in his right hand and manipulates it with his left hand.
a man walks a few steps, turns around walks back, turns around again.
a standing person raises their hands to touch the back of the left wrist with the right hand and then lowers their hands again.
person is walking backward slowly
a person walks while touching something with is right hand.
a person with arms bent, holds them up to chest level
a person is standing and then makes a stomping gesture.
a person goes over a tightrope.
person is lifting something up.
a person walks clockwise in a circle, holding, and then, dribbling, a imaginary basketball.
a man holds packaged food in his right hand, opens the package with his left, and eats the food
the person is walking forward slowly.
a person sits down backwards
a person walks in a forward motion
a oerson faces front, swing arms to the right twice, turns to the back and swings arms to the left, turns to the front and swinfs arms to the right, as if playing tennis
a person is lifting dumbbell over their head
the person is injured dragging his left leg while carrying something heavy on the right.
a person holds their arms out to each side, teetering them up and down slightly. then, they begin to rotate their arms in slow, wide circles,
the person takes one jump back.
this person moves to the right, to the left and stops where they started.
a person bends to the right, reaches and swings right to make a wiping motion.
a man throws a punch in front of him.
a person moves their arms and neck about rapidly to stretch them.
person walks forward and makes a clockwise motion with hands, and then moves to the left side.
the person is walking around.
left arm extended out from body at a 90 degree angle and rotated circular both counterclockwise and counter counterclockwise
a person leans to his left while balancing himself mainly with his left leg as his right leg is unsteady.
a person walks forward slowly with legs stiff and spread wide and rocking from side to side.
a person cracks his neck by placing his hand on his chin
a person walks down a ramp with the blue leg in front of another. the red leg bends and the person leans towards the left while walking down the ramp
a person hops up and down on one leg.
a person picks up two objects then steps forward
a person walks forward, picks something up, then walks back and puts it down.
person is slow walking ahead.
person walks slowly on the spot
a person is making alternating circular motions with their hands, as if juggeling.
a person is on their knees and then they get up slowly.
a man clumsily turns to the left while fidgeting his hands.
a person goes from a sitting position to a standing position
the person was walking forward very scared.
person is dancing arounds arms up.
the man touches his head with the left hand then the right.
a person on their stands up by using their left hand to push off of the ground.
a person slowly walked forward and right
the person walks forward  and to their left as if following a railing or banister.
a person walking in a weird way and then picking something up from the ground
a man walks towards the left.
a stickman is swaying as if on a cruise ship, while waving to those on shore.
a person running to pick something up.
person looks like theyre holding a microphone and talking into it
a person makes tiny steps in place with their hands over their head.
walked forward, turns around lifts both hands up to the side and right leg then set back down.
a person walking and taking a turn to the right
a person walks forward, then rapidly moves to the right, as though hit by something.
sitting down in place then standing.
a person shuffles once to his left.
a person who is standing with legs spread apart and his arms away from his sides, steps forward with his right leg, looks to his right, then takes a step back with his right foot, a step back with his left foot, a step back with is right foot and a step back with his left foot.
person is moving things around.
a person waves their hands in front of their face.
a person, having a conversation, is using their arms to explain/emphasize something.
the person walks forward quickly, turns and sits, gets back up and walks a little past their original position.
a man runs his left hand up his right leg several times, then his left, before stretching his right arm out and moving his left hand to his shoulder as though preparing to wash it.
a person stretches side to side with their hands over their head.
a person uses their right hand to wave high in the air, waves again in a lower position, then waves with their left hand.
person is walking aroudn then running around.
a person is walking up a couple stairs while holding a railing.
a person is laughing and shaking their arms around
and individual standing sideways raises itโs arms at shiulder hight twistinf torso first to right thrn to left
the person is walking forward.
a person sits down crises cross applesauce
person stands still with both arms raised at shoulder height
a person walks with a slightly angled direction, and smooth hip motion.
hands moving in a strange circle motion away from body
a person mixes something with their left hand.
a person has his arms bent, and he brings them together in front of his chest, before he rears back and tosses something with his right arm as his left arm goes to his side.
a person slaps or strikes something with his left hand
a person propels himself and takes a long jump
a person playing tennis and hitting the ball three times.
starts with arms straight out and then uses right hand to what looks like press buttons.
a figure lifts something from waist height then lifts and turns it to place it on a higher shelf or to pour it
a man picks something up and then manipulates it with his hands.
a person waves for someone to come over then waves normally.
a person is making arm motions with both arms starting with their right arm.
a person walks forward, turns around walks towards the left side.
a person quickly walks one step forward.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
individual brings their left and up to their chin and sways before resting their arms back at their sides.
a person walks forward at a brisk pace.
robot opened his left arm, start touching handrail and walking forward.
stick person is danceing from forward to the left and then tonthe right with both arms up
the person is walking forward towards the right.
raising arms and moving hand.
a person in a squatting position moves their arms in front of them
the person is dancing galley across the floor.
a person walks forward then walks back.
the man is walking forwards and then backwards and then sideways to complete a circle.
a man walks a half-moon shaped path with his hands on his hips.
person steps forwards while turning to his left, then spinning around so he is facing where he originally started, then he steps forwards once, then steps backwards once, and shuffles to the right.
a person jogs to the left, then to the right, then back to the left.
a man steps back and observes the area then walks aggressively forward.
a person gestures dramatically with both hands while walking forward, to the left, back, and to the right.
the person bend over and pick some thing up.
a person stretches before sitting down in a chair
a person is kicking their left leg into the air
a person appears to be driving.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person raises both hands, then just left, then right, then left again
the person raises both hands overhead. the person then jumps upwards with both hands overhead and returns to the standing position with arms at sides of the body.
a person casualy walking around and then down a set of stairs
the man starts with his arms crossed and then gestures to both elbows.
a person walks quickly down stairs, jumps, holds their arms out straight to their sides, then jumps again.
a person hardly swing the irght hand, and throw something
a person takes a few steps backwards, walks forwards and gets ready to throw something.
a man bends at his waist, sits down in a chair and then gets back up again.
a person is doing a side step.
a person walks forward and stops.
the sim appears to grab an object with both hands before replacing the object to their left side.
a person begins walking with their left foot, takes a couple of steps, turns towards the left and takes a couple more steps and stands still.
a man spins his left arm around in fast forward circles, hopping slightly as he does, then repeats the process with backwards circles, then does fast forward circles with his right arm.
a person stand on his left leg and then switches to his right leg
the person walks forward on a wobbly path.
person picks something up, look at it, and sets it back down
a person holding both forearms up, then hits his right forearm with their left hand and then continues holding both forearms up.
a person walks up stairs a few steps
man walks forward moving hands and neck.
a person rotating both arms in a circular motion in front of the chest then raises their outstretched arms to the side.
a person is walking slowly forward.
a man walks first to the right backwards then forward to the right while both of its arms are straight up ahead.
a person appears to be jumproping, then puts both hands together
a person puts their left hand up to their right shoulder, then puts their right hand up to their left shoulder.
moving arms in a random pattern.
person lifts both hands up shoulder height bend in elbow
a man swings his arms to pick up a bucket and pour it out.
a man walks around in a circle.
a person stands still and raises their arms in basketball signal motions.
a person raises their arms straight forwards and then raises them again to the side
someone is walking backwards in circle
a man walks forward and side steps to his left and then continues forward. he side steps right and continues walking forward.
a man stands from the sitting position, then walks forward in a diagonal directions towards his left, then stops and raises his arms to his side.
a person is crouching down and looking around, catiously.
a person lowers their right raised hand, shuffles their feet and braces them apart, and then raises both forearms in front.
a person walking forward slightly to the left
the oerson is performing a washing movement with their right arm
a person walks forward fastly
a person who is walking diagonally
a person leans to the left and picks something up, then leans to the right and picks something else up.
the person is acting like a monkey.
a person takes a step then moves their right hand to the left side in a grabbing motion, and then takes a step lower.
a person raises both hands and waves them in various ways.
this person stands in place a raises his right arm slightly.
a man walks forward, swings his arms to the left hand side of his body, then walks back and does it again.
the person is doing the lambada dance.
a man turns and walks in an arc to the left.
the is standing, appears to be holding an object, throws the object then takes a slight step forward.
a person raises their arms up.
a person jumps up and then balances themselves.
person runs quickly to the right, then turns back to the left and runs that way.
a person stands still, then reaches his right hand across his body towards his left hand, and then raises his right hand slightly above his right shoulder.
a person walks up steps and then back down the steps.
a man raises his arms and then puts his hands on his knees.
the person nearly falls while walking forward
a person grabbed and sratching something with right hand
person person is walking forward diagonally to the right.
figure gets down on hands and knees facing left and crawls 3 steps before turning around and crawling to the  right for  4 steps, backs up slightly and stands back up facing forward.
a figure raises their right hand in a sweeping motion
with his right hand, a person is sewing something that he is holding in his left hand.
a person steps up, walks forward, then steps down
a person holds out their hands as someone sets something in their hands.
a person stands on one leg and rotates the other leg.
a figure walks backward slowly
a person walks diagonally to his left, sits down, rests his left foot on something, briefly rests his head on his left hand, and finally he places both hands on his knees.
a person walks over holding object then places it down, stands and looks for a moment and grabs another object
the person turns on the faucet to wash the dishes
a person bends forward and touches their toes, then stands up straight again.
running in place quickly.
a person is dancing the salsa.
a figure, facing east turns first to the north performing a gesture woth its right hand thrnturns 180 and makes the same gesture with the left hand before turning 360 degrees
a person doing karate type motion forward and then backwards
a person sits and moves their left arm
a person walks forward while looking around before turning about face at the end
the person is walking normally.
a person walks up stairs
a person stepping forward and then walking to the left and stepping up one step then stepping up the second step
a person does 2 jumping jacks.
a figure holds his head in its left hand, then right hand, staggering slightly as if in pain
someone puts both of their hands on their chests and appears to be laughing. then waves their left hand.
a person completes 5 sets of jumping jacks.
a person lifts an object up to his face using his right arm
robot started to move forward and stopped
a person is pretending they are a cat.
the man slowly walks forward and then suddenly turned right.
a man stays in place while hopping up and down, keeping his upper body still and bending only at the knee and ankle.
a person folds their arms across their chest.
person is hold their hands together.
a man lifts an object on the left side with both hands and then places it on the right side with their left hand on top.
a person raises their right arm and waves five times
a person grabbed something with hands and put it down
a person slowly walks like a mummy in an elongated s shape, with straight legs and arms outstretched.
a person steps forward, turns around and walks to the back.
a figure sits down and sits back up
a person quickly pours something out in the lower table in front of them with their right hand.
person walks backwards, then stops, then steps forward and makes a throwing motion with right arm.
a person sitting down turning something.
a person is standing still, then takes a few steps forward and stops.
the person was acting like a gorilla.
the person is twist dancing and walking.
a person hops around, jumping off of different objects.
someone is holding something with their left hand and stirring it with their right hand.
a person is picking up items to organize them by sitting them down.
a person is standing upleft, while walking slowly forward and slightly to their right.
person takes something and then finely cuts something
the person walks forward and takes a bow
a person throws something with their right hand hard, then stumbles
the person is stretching back.
a person starts lying on their front side, and quickly crawls backwards using both hands and legs
a person holds their arms out in a horizontal fasion and then begins to "knod" his head forward as if he was overlooking a crowd. they then step forward a few steps and start to knod their head again.
the man walks forward in a steep manner.
a person warms up with both arms.
the person placed something to the left in front of them.
a person catches an item thrown by someone.
a person is running in place.
a man walks in a semi-circle with his hands swaying on both sides.
a person jumps around while moving their arms up and down
a person walks slowly in an arc to their right.
a person kicking left leg and then kicking right out in front of them.
a person alternately uses his hands to illustrate a high-spirited drumming motion.
a person jumps up and down two times.
a person walks to the left side in a semicircle
a man crouch walks to the left before walking back to the right.
the man waves his arms around making baseball signals.
this person spins around and kicks using his right leg.
a person whos put both hands together and is begging
a person steps forward, then waves disapprovingly with the right hand several times.
person opens drink and drinks it
a person raises both hands to their face before holding their right hand to their head.
a person is walking and bends to the right
person is walking in an s pattern
a person looks right to left repeatedly with their arms out to the sides of them
a person jumps backwards slowly.
he was waving his hand
a person walks forward and dances.
the person makes several motions to warm up.
a person walks straight forward
a person takes two steps forward
a person takes a step forward, moves to theor right, them continues foward with their right hand on a rail.
a person takes a very large step diagonally.
person remains standing with both hands criss crossed in front of his face
a person standing stationary holds their right hand chest height, extends their right arm straight out, and then lowers their right arm while relaxing their body.
from a standing postion, the person puts both hands out in front of them, foot forward, as if to ward something off, before returing to a standing position
a person dances and twists feet on the spot.
a person bounces in place, waving his hands at his sides.
a man steps and and the walks in a circle before sitting down and then gets back up.
a person is waving with their right hand up high.
a person walks and turns to his right.
a person putting hands together then taking them apart and bringing back almost together.
a person is limping with their right foot and holding their right side, then stops, turns to their left, and sprints diagonally back across the same area.
someone crouches down and moves their feet
a men bends down to pick something up then starts moving one hand back and forth.
person walks forward doing arm circles, then walks backwards doing arm circles
a person appears to play a violin.
the person is walking aorund in an s like shape.
a person is walking down and then back up.
a person takes three lumbering steps towards the camera.
a person stumbles forward and catches their weight.
a person lightly kicks, maybe out of disappointment, or a routine motion of an object for something fun
a person running to pick something up.
the person is standing still and then takes a step forward to the left diagonally
walking to the side then back.
walking forward then stopping.
walking forward in a straight line.
moving hands towards chest then spinning them.
a person throws away a box.
a person walks slowly from one side to the other
a person is waving their arms.
a person starts in a kneeling postion and gets up.
a man slightly staggers to the left while walking down a slope.
a person jogs to his right, then left
a person steps back, jumps forward turns counterclockwise, steps and jumps again, stops and turns around.
a person rolls their arms and shoulders.
walking forward and bending down
a person reaches out in front of them with both hands, turning knobs on an object in front of them.
a man walks forward opens the door then walks backwards to where he started
the person raises their right foot up to their kinee and then kicks their foot out,  then returns their foot to their knee.
walking forward while limping.
the person is walking on a balance beam.
a sitting person sits very still.
a person walks in a half circle.
a person sidesteps to their left and moves their right hand as if writing something on a chalkboard.
person walks forward several paces, stops and then does a little jump.
a person creeps forward quietly for 6 paces then bends down and picks up a cup and drinks from it.
man walks forward and turns and walks back
right hand rubs neck and then up to head. then back to neck which hand falls ti middle of body.
the person starts to jog to the right for a few steps then turns around and jogs to the left and then jogs back to their starting point
a person dances on the spot.
the person walked in a complete oval
the person is boxing to the right and to the left.
a person walks forward from one end to the other.
body reaches down to left, straighten and twist to right bring left arm up and then reaches back down to left side.
a person jumps forward, takes 5 steps backward, and then yawns.
a person walks back and forth, and every so often ducks down to the side suddenly.
a person slowly walks forward in a straight line putting one foot in front of the other while arms sway slightly at the person's side.
a man walks forward before stopping.
putting the left hand on the hip and the right hand moving forward and backward.
a person holds both hands at waist height with his elbows bent, bends down at his hips, lowers and straightens both arms, straightens up and moves both hands towards his left shoulder
a person raises their left hand to their head.
a person is sitting in a chair
person is doing cross legged posing
a man sweeps left leg and then his right.
a person uses their right hand to throw a ball then uses both hands to catch it.
a man raises his left hand to waist level then rotates the hand and arm counterclockwise.
a man sidesteps suddenly to his right, bumps into something and leans over, looks around, then walks to his right, bumping into something else and once more leaning over.
a person jogging right and then left
a person walks slowly in diagonal
the man walks forward stumbles slightly and takes a few more steps.
a person stands on left leg,  while moving right leg to the back then to the right then to the left then to the back again.
the person walks carefully up the stairs, then turn around at the top. they continue down the stairs.
a person slightly moved into left direction
a person walking side then back words then back up around.
a person lifts up left hand to face then looks left then right and then puts hand back down to their side.
a person lifts their right arm and holds their head for a moment before lowering it again.
a person holds their hands up to their face, holding something, then puts them back down to their sides.
a person shifts their weight from foot to foot and shakes their hands.
a person uses their left hand to lift something up to drink.
a person is picking up an object off the ground.
the person is lifting something from left to right
person walks anti clockwise and holds left hand above head
a person waves with their left hand then stops.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
person raises right arm and bends twice to the left.
person moving some objects from one place to another
a person throws six punches with their left hand.
a person walks a few steps, turns around and begins crawling on the floor in the other direction, then stands and walks the other way.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs and returned downstairs
a person bends down and slowly pushes something forward, they seem to be struggling a little bit as the line is not completely straight.
person cartwheels from left to right
a person is walking upstairs and climbing up the stairs.
a person raises their right arm in front of them.
a man pets a large dog.
a person takes a few steps forward.
a person is using his arms to describe something to another person.
a man walks backwards then forwards several steps then turns 180 degrees.
a person stumbles around, struggling to walk, and then turns around and continues
a person standing up is going to act like they are sitting down on chair, but with no chair present and stand back up.
a person walks forward carefully, placing one foot in front of the other in a line, almost loses his balance, but recovers and keeps walking.
a person curves to the left while walking.
a person walks towards his left.
person is crawling around looking for something.
person jumps once then walks forward
a person lifts both arms into the air.
a person appears to hold up an object, as if the person was showing the object, and returns to the object.
a person who is standing does four weight lifting arm curls with his left arm.
a person stands relaxed, turns and stands still again.
a person does a long step to the left.
a person walks forward while he rubs his head with his right hand, and then puts both hands up to his ears momentarily
a person balances on their right foot while moving their left leg to maintain balance.
the person did a deep bow
a person lifts his left hand and waves his hand to say hello then puts left hand back down
the man is dancing the salsa.
a person drops their arms from shoulder height and begins waving at the viewer with their left arm.
the person is doing arm exercises like a windmill.
a man lifts something above his head and then walks around in a circle.
a man is pacing back and forth in a straight line.
the man is running and scrambling
person is doing kicking motions with left leg
a man is walking backwards.
a person slowly climbs up a step by holding it, and then climbs back down.
the person walks forward slowly.
a person picks things up with both hands and mixes them together.
a person leans over and takes something from his left side and places it to his right.
person took a step and sat down in the chair.
this person walks forward then quickly turns right to walk back.
a standing person slowly walks backwards then stops.
a person moves forward two steps, swings around 180 degrees and takes two steps back to where he started.
a person raises both hands above their head and takes ten small jumps.
this person is jogging in place.
a person walks backwards at a slow pace.
a figure hops forward several times
a person walks forward, turns 180-degrees in a counterclockwise direction then walks back to where they started.
he is balancing himself on his right foot.
a person looks in different directions waiting for something.
a person holding something and placing it away
a person in a seated position uses their elbows and forearms to raise up to a standing position.
someone is carefully walking up the stairs.
a person hops 6 times in same spot, forward, left, and right.
the person is running quickly.
person does a walking handstand and then stands upright
a person falls backward, resting their back against an object and then stretches their legs out.
a person dancing to old school music
a person walks forward down a slope.
the person marches forward at an even pace.
a person is performing a partner dance.
a person walks and steps over something.
this person is jogging in place.
a person does jumping jacks to get loose before an event.
throwing something while standing still.
a figure crouches down and sneaks forward, rotates and sneaks backwards while facing forward.
a person directing someone  with their hands.
a person standing and raising the right arms and making gestures.
a person slowly walked backward, and sat on the knee and hands
he walks forward and upstairs
person is always walking forwards form their perspective but turns their body so their path is clockwise.
raising arm towards head.
a man reaches out with his right hand and moves it in a circular motion in front of his body
the person band forward and backward like exericses.
a person throws and object and then catches another object
a person walked forward, while turned
the man is moving arms and legs
a person walks forward at a slow pace and stops, holding position.
a person sprints forward diagonally.
the person standing still looking around.
a person walks around the room and stops.
a man walks forward with his arms down stiffly at his sides.
a man is crying and holding his face
a person walks sadly towards the screen then pivots and walks back to the top.
person is speedily walking forward
a person runs towards his right.
the person is throwing some thing hard with his left hand.
a person walks forward at fast pace.
someone walking in a clockwise circle
a person walks forward while twisting their torso and swinging their arms from side to side.
person sits for while and then gets up and walks to left
a person is prancing with their arm raised as if playing an instrument.
a person turns while walking backwards.
a person kicks their right leg out.
a figure grabs, either in danger, or out of emotion.
a person throws something with their left hand
a person walks forward and in the middle of walking takes a greater step and continues
a person walks in a curve to their right, at a steady/somewhat quick pace.
a person steps over something while walking.
a person with raises their hands in front of them, the squats.
a person walks to their left then walks to their right and then turns again to end up where they started.
a person walking straight looks like a brisk walk back and forth and turns back.
a figure waves with their left hand
the person is doing a hand gesture with his left arm.
the person is walking forward.
moving to the side and bending.
a person turns to their left and picks up an object. then in the opposite way from where they were originally facing throws that object.
a person is hunched over looking at the ground, turning from right to left. something is in their left hand, possibly a flashlight or phone, that they are using to possibly illuminate the ground.
the person stands still and shuffles their feet for a little.
a person raises their arms to the side then makes medium sized circle motions in front of them
a person is walking straight backwards.
jumping forward very quickly once.
a person open their ams wide, and then lowers their left arm while making a gesture with their right arm.
person is dancing or shaking leg.
a person gets on his hands and knees and crawls forward
a man hops repeatedly on his left leg.
a person picking something up
a person walks backwards down stairs swinging arms back and forth to the side.
a person walks forward then backwards before continuing forward.
the person lifts his left hand up and puts it back down.
this person is waving his right hand.
the person was lifting dumbbells with both arms.
a person raises their left hand up and down multiple times.
a person hesitantly walks forward.
person is walking back and forth
a person walks forward spins on their left foot and then walks forward again.
a person walking gets pushed to the right.
a person walks backwards with uncertain balance, diagonally to the right.
the man is making gestures
a person throws with left hand.
he starts to crawl a lot
a person walks to their left creating a half circle and then reverses course to the right and walks in a full circle.
a person walks forward and vaults themselves over a wall. then turns around a does the same thing on the way back.
a person is playing tennis
a person strolls forward towards the left
a person walks in forward slowly.
this person is punching with his right arm.
a person kicks something with their right leg.
a man is running in place before moving the left.
the person is picking up something.
a person raises their hands above their head then lowers them
moved arms outward slightly then back to his sides.
this person waves widely with his left arm.
person puts hands together on right side and then kicks with left leg repeatedly.
a man continuing bending forward at the waist with his arms dangling in front of him.
a person holding their hands together stands still.
a person raises their left hand above their head.
a person is walking along a rocky path that is uneven.
a man sits down on the ground.
a person moved in left and after in right direction
a person runs forward, jumps and lands, and then turns to the side.
a person is sweeping the floor with both hands holding something
a person takes two steps forward, turns around and walks back to their original location.
the figure takes a few slighly hurried steps without raising their arms, it looks they are about to start running but haven't quite yet begun.
the person pats something in front of them.
person walks in a circle counterclockwise.
as a person walks forward, a squiggly line forms in between the legs on the floor.
the person is walking around waving.
the man walks forward then back
a person is walking around the room.
a person lifts both arms towards head, brings them back down, and turns toward the left hand side.
a person raises both hands above head and bends as if trying to dodge something.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a man bends down,lowers his right hand to grabs something for support ,kneels down with both legs and then puts it aside.
a man picks something up and then manipulates it with his hands.
raising hands towards mouth while sitting.
the figure does a jump about 2 steps forward, without raising hands
a person lifts both hands in front of their face then lowers them back to their sides.
a man takes a step forward, turns around right side and walks back
a man seems to be walking forward and has a wide gait.
a man walks forward 7 paces while his arms swing.
a person rolls forward, turns around then rolls forward again.
a person standing with his arms by his sides turns to his right and takes four steps, turns 180 degrees and takes five steps, turns 180 degrees again and takes two steps, stops and faces forward.
a small dip to gear up for a two legged hop
person lifts right arm in front of them, bends arm and tilts wrist as if to look at a watch.
a man with a wide stance brings his arms down to his sides and turns to his left, keeping his hands on his hips.
person steps down from platform, walks forward, then walks back up on platform
raising hands to face.
a man steps back and then kicks.
the person bends over to pick something up with his left hand.
a person stumbles backward and twists to the right and then stumbles backward and twists to the right.
a person stretches both arms gently up, then bends their elbows while keeping their arms above their head.
person upper body bends over as if someone pushed him and regains his balance using leg strength
a person slowly walks forward.
person lifts left leg and left arm then brings right arm to face area
person is doing an upper body warm up.
the figure walks and takes a leap forward landing then moving forward.
person leans to the right falls forward and staggers left
a person stumbles around while occasionally pumping his hand in front of his face
a person bend the body while layed on the floor
a figure grabs, either in danger, or out of emotion.
a person sta on something and raised the hands and made some jesture
person holds arms out together  meeting at the fingertips before moving them around side to side
a person runs on the spot, while rotating in a circle.
a figure walks down a set of stairs with their arms in the air with a very sultry strut.
the person is walking very fast around in a circle.
a man walks forward in a curve to the right of him.
this person standing still raises his right hand.
a person is dancing and hopping in the air.
a person bows forward slightly and holds it for a bit, then raises back up and shifts weight from left to right to left foot, ending with left foot slightly forward.
a man dances and sashays forwards and backwards, then reaches to one side with his left hand, followed by the other side with his right hand.
a person slowly walked forward and after scratch with left hand
the body jump spins in a full circle.
this person uses both arms and hands as if to throw an item up.
the person moves their hands forward while laying down.
person leans side and walks hesitates and avoids
a man bends his shoulder down go the ground while standing with his left foot forward and both hands up on the left side of his face.
a person dances and then runs backwards and forwards.
a person gestures with their right arm primarily although sometimes utilizes their left arm and tandem with the right arm to continue the gestures.
the person slowly works forward, using both of their legs and feet.
person picked up an object and moved it over
a person squats to grab something a couple times, then starts to walk in a small circle motion.
a person walks in a counter-clockwise circle and then continues walking backwards.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person side steps to their right and then creeps to their left.
running up and down vertically
the person walks carefully up the stairs, then turn around at the top. they continue down the stairs.
a person wipes something, goes forward to pick up something else, moves back and wipes it.
a person is marching forward then stops and turns around
a person slowly walked forward in right direction
waving arms around randomly quickly.
a person walks forward slowly
person is doing a huge stretch  to the left
a man walks diagonally across a rectangle on the ground and then walks half way to his starting position.
the person stomping with his right foot.
the sim is sitting down, appears to be either eating or drinking using their left hand.
someone bursting with excitement and joy
a person who is standing with his arms next to his sides slowly takes five steps forward.
a person jogs in a circle to the left.
a person walks, stepping onto a big object.
a person dances on the spot.
a person raises their right up then puts it down
a man covers his face with his hands and scratches quickly using his right hand, looks around with his head erect, then leans forwards.
a person walks forward.
starting from standing position and walks forward and to the left.
a person bend the body
a man stands on the ground and lifts his right hand for a moment above the shoulder and then puts it down.
a person raised the both hands and crossed them
user picks up left hand and stairs at palm slowly
a person standing with their knees slightly bent is using both of their hands to hold on to something at chest level.
a person appears to be washing his hands with soap.
the body slides to the left.
a person doing a whale impression
a person is standing up straight, leans to his right, and then goes back to standing up straight.
a person pats someone three times and then lifts up their arms high at their sides.
person walks straight in pretty slow phase, turns around and walks in oppsite direction.
a person walks bending towards his right
this person shakes left hand twice, brings out left leg, then bring left hand down, then crosses both hands across chest.
a man is playing golf.
a person is standing still, then takes a few steps forward and stops.
stay stand on the place and run.
a man walks from left to right dragging his right leg.
a person takes one large step backwards.
a person strafes right then to the left
a person is jogging and then stops suddenly
a person standing and raising the left arms and making gestures.
a person waves with their left hand
a man steps forward and moves an object in front of him with his right hand.
a figure taking a seat and then fidgeting to get comfortable
drinking something using the left hands
a person takes cross steps diagonally to the right and returns to original position
starting form a standstill, a person saunters forward.
a red and white stick figure is walking step by step in a straight line.
a person taps their right foot quickly and twitches their hands while sitting.
a person is demonstrating how to gently throw an object with his right hand.
the person is throwing football or soemthing.
person is playing catch with someone
a person slowly walked forward and returned
the stick figure is working out by squating.
the person is standing still and then claps their hand
person moves right and left leg before  moving to the left quickly then the right
the person was walking forward then turn right.
a person walks forward very slowly.
a person who is stretching
a person holds their right arm out.
the man walked up steps turned around and walked back down.
a person walking forward in a average pace.
person squats and jumps out moving to the sides.
the person is walking holding onto a handrail.
a person is using his right arm to repeatedly lift a dumbbell, bending his arm at the elbow.
a person jogs forward at a fast pace
the person was drying his right arm.
dancing forward and with moving of hands and legs.
the person is walking at a medium speed.
a person slowly jumped forward
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks with purpose to the far left.
a person doing jumping jacks , with a short pause in between.
a person leans over to touch the ground with left hand and right arm raised.
a person throws their left arm forward and pulls it back grabbing it with their left hand
a man is walking forward and stumbles
a person shakes arms to lossen up then walks backwads, then moves forward with the left arm in a swiming motion
stick man with no head is standing in straightforward position.
a person walks from one end to the other while swiftly leans sideways.
a person does a jumping jack
the person is getting ready to do a karate move.
a person pushes forward with one hand.
a man slowly walks forward and then stops.
a person lifts and spins around their right leg then lifts and spins around their left.
a person wallked in right direction upstairs and sat somewhere on the roof
someone standing and with his hands up and head slightly up in a singing position.
a man hops on the spot a few times using both legs, with his arms loose to his side.
person is stretching out neck, head, and arms
a person eagerly practicing karate.
a person walks forward, jumps over something, then keeps walking
a person slowly jumpropes, occasionally switching between two and one leg.
a man has his arms out to his sides then brings his hands towards his face
the person is widewalking.
the person is walking normally on a treadmill.
this person waves with a circular motion using his right hand.
a person slightly walked on right direcation
the person brings their left hand up in front of them and then brings it back down.
bending down and kneeling.
a person is doing exercise small arm circles and then turns torso to look behind.
a person waves at something with their left hand.
a person slowly walked forward and returned
a person tilts head side to side four times and then rotates head in clock wise circle two times
a figure walks forward and then turns to the left and keeps walking
a person who seems to be doing a dance move
a person who is standing but has his legs crossed almost falls forward before regaining his balance.
a person is looking around with binoculars
the person is walking a tight rope.
the person is walking upstairs.
a man touches his upper right arm with his left hand, then reaches the left hand forward, then touches his left hand to his right sholder and reaches the left hand forward again before lowering it to his left side.
person is walking a little tipsy a bit.
a figure diagonally walks across a square shape.
a person walks backwards and stops.
this person lifts both arms to the right as if to strum a guitar.
a person walking forward, swing their left arm upwards.
the person is backing away and walking other way.
a person picks a drink up with their left hand and finishes it.
the worker uses their arms to guide the airplane
this person walks around to the right then steps up to search for something.
this person walks up a ladder then down a couple of steps.
a person pushing something with his right shoulder while stepping forward.
walk forward two steps, bend at the knee and waist as if picking something up. stand up and return to the starting position
a man is pushed with force from the left side
a man walks around in a circular motion while gently swinging his arms.
a person crosses and uncrosses hands while swiveling legs and torso.
after five seconds a person lifts his right hand to his chin.
a person walks in a s shape
a person is leaning around in multiple directions.
a person brings their hands together to work on something small in front of them.
a person appears to have severe arm pain holding and slouching their right shoulder.
a person walks forward in a slight right to left and left to right sway.
a figure in the sitting position shouts with his right hand cupped
person stands knees bent forward then lifts arms shoulder height a few times
a man walks forward and takes two steps, turns counterclockwise and then goesni to a sitting position from standing.
a person lifts their arms alternating up and down.
a person walking up an elevated surface
person walking slightly to the right in six steps
a person runs up and jumps then continues to run.
a person walks forward gingerly.
a person repeatedly lunges forward and lifts their right armin front of their face.
a person walking in a diagonal direction
a person holds a violin with his left and and plays it with his right hand then puts his hands down.
a person walking steps forward and placing something down.
a man confidently walks down a ramp with a measured pace.
the person is wiping their forehead
a person walks at normal pace.
the person is doing something at the counter and moving it to the left.
a person walks forward 3 steps, grabs something and moves it over, and then walks back.
a person twists at the waist, and reaches their left arm forward in a punching motion.
the sim runs down the plane.
a person is lightly pushed from behind.
a person flails their arms aroud like a monkey, and does a karate kick
person kneeling down qith stool
the person was lifting a dumbbell with his right hand
a person takes some smalls steps backwards.
a person picks up something, turns it onto its side, and then lays it back down
the person is walking in a zig zag .
person walking walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person leaps forward then stands straight.
a person walks forward slowly.
a man does a kick to the side.
a man moves back and forth in semi-circles with arms moving at his sides.
a person gets in ground and crawls.
a person lazily does jumping jacks in place.
person is using a touch screen
a man standing in place moving arms in circular motion.
someone walks forward and places their left hand on a surface, leaning for support.
person is running straight ahead
a person seems to be patting his children on their head/shoulder in a sign of encouragement.
a person lifts object from the left and moves it to the right.
someone is dancing the cha-cha.
a person bends down and slowly pushes something forward, they seem to be struggling a little bit as the line is not completely straight.
a person is walking forward.
a person is doing push-ups.
person is attempting to look cool while walking
a man is moving his hands back and forth.
a person is doing many different hand motions with both his left and right
the person had something in his hand turned around and said it on the ground.
a person moves a step to the left side from being pushed.
the person is doing a wind up throw.
the person balances while holding their left leg up with both their arms.
he raises his arms to shoulder level, and then he lets them down.
person runs straight ahead then walks back
a person is walking at a normal pace
a figure reaches right hand up and out to the right, almost like its spreading a path.
a man is jogging in place, then he turns to the left and jogs to then end of the room, and then turns around and jogs back.
this person crawls across the floor then stands and walks.
a person walks around with frustrated gestures.
a person slowly walked forward
person moves i a anticlockwise direction in a circle by sprinting
a person is standing and bends down using their knees to place their knees on the ground, and then places their hands infront of their knees so they look like a dog.
the left arm extends like a boxing hook.
a person slowly lifts something up to the left of them with both hands, brings it back behind them and throws it forward with force.
a person hops around while swatting at something with both hands.
a persons walks to the right
a person stretches his shoulders and arms with help from the opposite hands
a person walks counterclockwise in a large curve while swinging their arms.
the person is walking straight backwards.
a person picks up an object and gently sets it on a shelf.
a person tumbles backwards and stops.
a person is walking forward strangely
a person appears to be dancing.
a person claps with both hands
a man puts his hands on his knees while crouching.
a man walks forward 4 steps and stops.
a man sidesteps energetically to his left, then again to his right, then steps back and stops in a standing position.
a person is walking forward while swinging their arms
person puts their hands on something and attempts to push it
standing person walks in a clockwise circle, then stops.
walking forward and bending down.
a person hits a back-hand tennis shot.
a person walks while slightly turning counterclockwise.
a person walks to their left for 10 steps and then turns around.
a person picks something up and pours it to the left and sets it back down.
pushing both arms out from chest multiple times, end with right arm going counterclockwise circle.
a man turns to his left, then walks back and raises both arms.
raising arms and moving them side to side.
a person climbs something and reaches to their right with their right hand.
a person jumps upwards once
person moves forward then quickly side steps to their right hand side then zig zags back to front centre
a person raises their right hand above their head.
a person is walking down stairs.
someone pulls their hair back
a person sits down in a chair and then gets back up.
a persons walks on a tight rope.
a person stands and slowly looks from the right to the left.
a person slowly walks forward.
the person walked forward and leaned over the table.
a person slowly walks forward with their head down.
a person gets pushed from his right side, stumbles to his left, and then he regains his balance as he looks back to see who pushed him.
a person walks in a southern direction for a few steps, then turns and faces in a northwestern direction and walks forward.
a person lifts both arms above their head, then moves them forward quickly.
person walks with a limp. the right leg is dragging while person is walking.
a person picks an object from his right side and puts it behind him and then repeats the motion once again.
a person hops and skips on their left foot while dragging the right one
a man is curling with his right arm
the person is clapping his hands.
a person does a circular motion in front of his body with his left hand.
a person who is standing on a balance beam takes three steps forward and then steps down off the beam.
person was walking forward for steps.
kick left leg step back
a person steps forward onto a structure with their arms straight out from their sides,  one foot in front of the other as if they trying to balance themselves, then they step off the structure again.
a mother imitated being a teapot pouring out tea to her child while reciting a nursery rhyme.
the person is running in circles.
a person is sitting and then makes a phone call
a person jogging in place.
he puts down box to work
a person doing robot dance moves
a person spins in mid air.
a person side steps to the right 3 times then to the left 3 times then to the right once more to end where they started.
a person picks something up in front of him and moves it to the side
a person turns to the left, takes two steps in an upwards motion, turns to their left again, walks forward, turns left again, takes a few more steps and stops.
a person walks forward, leans over and steps back.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes four very slow steps forward.
a man climbs over a stool and then sits on it.
stick figure holds arms out in from before lifting his right arm up
a person walks forward while hunched over.
a person does a defensive shuffle to the left and then to the right
a person walks forward in a straight line.
person walked forwards and backwards very slowly.
a man has both of his legs bended like in sitting action and moving his hands down and up trying to turn something around, like driving
a person walks with both feet pointed inwards.
a person leans on their right and left foot before jumping and extending their  left arm vertically
right hand was pointing upward and body was shifting to right
the person sits down with their legs crossed
a person is calmly walking
a person walks right in a zigzag pattern appearing to be drunk.
a figure flaps its hands in front of itself, holding its hands like claws, then covering its face as though it's frantic
the person folds their arms then releases the hold
a person standing up catches something using both of their hands, then they throw something with their left hand above their left shoulder, then catches something using both of their hands, then they throw something with their left hand above their left shoulder
someone sits into a full squat, with arms on knees.
a person raises their arms to the side then makes medium sized circle motions in front of them
a figure steps back and sits down, then stands back up and steps forward.
a person is walking at a normal pace
a person crossing their legs and bending down
a person steps back on their right leg and brings their left arm in front of them.
the man stands in front of his car and starts washing it in circular motions.
a person waves their right hand.
man picks something to the right up using right arm examines then replaces it
the man switches stance and bounces
a person walks forward and then looks like they walk up some stairs
the man steps up something steep.
person starts to hesitantly walk backwards until the they stand still.
a person raises their right hand to check the time on their watch.
raising and lowering arms.
this person walks forward, turns and walks back.
a person walks to the right, then to the left, then back to their original position in the middle.
a man walks slowly forwards.
the person standing on his right leg twisting his left leg.
a person reaches down to their left and picks something up, holds it briefly, then places it down.
the person is doing something with his left hand .
a person slowly gets on their knees.
a person walks in a clockwise circle while bent forward at the waist, and holding their right leg with both hands.
a person opens something and takes a drink from it.
he looks around then stops
the man is doing seesaw
a man takes a few steps backwards, swings with his right arm and punches with his left arm.
the peraon is getting down to play leapfrog.
a person lifts their left hand to their chest and makes circular motions.
a man runs forward several steps, stopping in a standing position.
a person showming something with both hands
a man stumbling across a room
a person walks around with their arms bent backwards, imitating a chicken
this person waves off as if joking.
person is clasping hands together in a forward and back motion whilst being stood upright
a person limping with an apparent right ankle injury.
a person walks and half spins to his right and walks back
a person standing in place raises both arms to the side raising them above eye level.
a person who is standing takes ten steps forward without bending his knees.
a person shrugs both shoulders while swinging both arms. then kicks the right leg back and the rivht leg back.
the person presses something with their right hand before walking in an anti clockwise circle
a person reaches for something with his right hand.
a person flaps his arms like a bird.
a person stands with feet wide, stretches both hands up over his head and then swings down by the waist and hangs arms down before standing up
a person walks with a drunken stagger.
he walks forward and picks up tool box
a person lunges forward thrusting their right hand out at the same time
a person turns to their right, walks forward, turns right again and walks back, then turns right again and walks back to the start position.
someone is holding their arms together in front of them moving them up and down while rocking back and forth.
a person lowers their arms, gets onto all fours, and crawls
a person stands with right foot in front of left, leans the upper body to the left awkwardly, then straightens the upper body.
a man picks something up and puts it toward his head.
a person walks in a clock wise circle and stops were he began.
the sim appears to be miskicking a hunter shooting a bow, then appears to be holding binoculars.
a person slowly walks in a small lap
person reached down and pick some thing up with the left hand and heโs carrying it.
a man takes one step to the left.
a person walks forward and then back around to the starting point.
a person throws two front kicks, two side kicks then 2 punches.
a person holding an item turns back, then right, then back, like he's been followed
a person takes large steps moving down to a bottom floor.
person walks forward, stumbles back, and continues forward
a person doing a meditation.
the person is walking around the bend to the left.
a man stands with arms bed at the elbow shoulder level, raises them above his head, back down to shoulder level, and up again.
a person walks forward while a line is drawn on the ground that follows the direction of the person walking and stays between their footsteps.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
the person is bowing down and waving around.
someone is moving their right arm , like they are trying to test the weight of something
a person claps and puts their hands down.
the man is he pacing  back and forth
a person opens an item in their right hand.
a person stands tall and stretches arms forward while rotating between left and right arms.
a person makes a motion as if throwing a baseball, lifting his left leg in the process.
the person turns to the right, walks, then walks up something.
a person throws an object to their right with their right hand and then catches an object that was thrown at them.
a man stands on the ground and the walks clockwise making a semi sircle and then stops.
the person drinks from the big jug
the person is sanding in place.
a person swings their arms in circles in front of them.
a person skips to the right, skips to the left and back to the right.
a man stands and  moves his left hand to the right side like picking something and places  it up.
a person standing raises both arms in front of them to be parallel to the floor.
a person steps forward and then makes slow sweeping motions with their right hand near their head.
a person slowly walked forward
a man sits down with crossed legs then gets up
person moves right arm forward in front of face.
person runs a third of a circle clockwise
as a person is walking forward he raises and drops both arms, then raises his left hand and moves it right and left.
a person sits down on something.
the man is throwing hard
a person stretches out their arms and then moves their arms around.
a person walking pass something seeming to brush pass a door.
person is moving head from side to side in a swaying motion.
the person is  swinging their hands out.
a person walks towards the camera.
a person does a forward roll, finishing on their feet in a wide stand then raises their right arm out to the side
the person nearly stumbles while walking
a person paces back and forth.
person is playing catch with someone
the person folds their arms then releases the hold
person lifts item, tilts it halfway up and then places it back down.
a person sidesteps to their right and moves their left hand as if writing something on a chalkboard.
a person runs forward using both their left and right leg.
person is walking in a circle
the man puts his left knee out and back in, then puts his right knee out and back in.
a man walks from side to side
walking in a circular motion.
person was walking down the path around things.
a figure dances ballet elegantly
the person is standing with his arms out at his side.
a person stretches calves and tip toes.
a man bends his knees and then jumps with both hands in the air.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides raises both of this hands above his head, lowers his hands to his sides and steps forward.
a person places their hands in front of their face, and then places them back at their sides.
he steps out and to his left and zigzags from side to side as one would do in a roped queue or line.
a person is walking while using a hand rail.
starts running in place and then speeds up pace and slows back down.
a person raises their arms then squats. he does this twice
a person stretches his right arm and then stretches his left arm.
a character raises their hands up to dance with somebody
a person punches with their right hand.
a person walks forward a few steps, stops with his right foot forward, pivots slightly to the left while still facing forward, bends his arms in front of him, and makes a fist with both hands, as if to start boxing.
a person looks at an object in their right hand three times and then places it down on the ground.
a person puts something on the ground.
a figure slightly tugs his right forearm with the left hand, first to the right and then to the left.
a person has both hands together.
a person slowly runs in place.
a person walks in a clockwise direction.
a man has one hand on his head and the other crossed, then puts both hands on head as if sad.
moving hands side to side.
a person is reclining on the ground, then they lay down on their back and extend their legs, then sit up using their arms for support with their feet together.
a person bent down walks sneakily towards the right.
a person kneels down while placing thier right hand on a stool.
person opens drink and drinks it
a person lifts their left arm to rub their stomach in a circular motion.
the hands go to the face for a moment, the goes back down carefully, and repeats the motion.
a person walks forward, turns to the left, and continues to walk.
a person is pushed backward on his right side.
a person gets down on their knees
a person steps back putting hands on hips then steps forward with the left leg then turns in a circle and steps with right leg forward.
a person appears to be seated turning a large wheel back and forth.
a person is walking in a steady forward motion.
someone walks forward briskly and casually.
a muscular man walk forward and pick up heavy subject and walk again
a person spins on the spot while holding on with left hand.
a person walking forward steps up onto something and then steps down off the other side, then again up onto something and down the other side, then turns left and walks forward, then turns left again and steps up onto something.
this person steps with left leg then puts both hands on hips.
a person shuffles side to side, arms up, moving quickly, as if playing a game.
a person walks in place slowly.
a person gestures no using his right hand
the person picks something up, tilts it then puts it back down
a person slowly walks forward hunched over and then picks something up with their right hand.
the person is walking and weaving, then turns partially and stops.
a person lifts a dumbbell with his left hand.
a person back up two steps sits down on something and the stands up again.
a person is ice skating
person walks forward with arms up and out for balance.
a person runs, gets down on all fours and crawls, stands up and runs.
a person throws something with their right hand
the person jumped up and down one time.
this person waves with a circular motion using his left hand.
person does a quick jump and then stumbles to the left.
a person rotates while jumping and  walks back to their starting position.
a man takes several steps backward.
man walks in a circular motion then stops left before completing the circle.
a person is sitting down holding their hands together, then moves their hands to a different position.
person marchs and then turns around.
standing still then waving hand.
a person waves with their right hand.
person dances slowly, undulating left arm, then right arm, turning right and left, then backing up.
a man bends down to pick something up. he walks forward,  then picks something up again.
a man takes 1 step forward, then turns to his right, then turns to his left and then turn to his right again.
a man steps diagonally to his right,  then turns and steps diagonally backwards, then to his right again, and then back, as if he is dancing alone.
a person is walking forward, stops, then puts his right hand by his face and keeps it there
person has arms crossing.
a man is walking with wide space as if he is stepping on stones trying to avoid water or mud.
a person takes their hands from their side places them above their shoulders and then places them back at their side
crouching then standing and walking forward.
a person throws their hands outwards then back in front of them.
a person is waltzing, stops and then starts waltzing again.
person opens drawer and takes something out
the person rubbed his belly and then waved with his right hand.
a person sits down cross legged then stands back up
a person who is standing with his hands at this sides reaches down to his right, picks up something, moves the object to his left and places it down and returns to his standing position with his hands to his sides.
a man jogs back and forth in an arc
a man starts from a standing position and seems to kick something with his left leg.
the person runs across the room.
a person raises their right hand to their head.
moving hands toward face and shaking body.
a person shuffles to the right, the shuffles to the left.
a person throws something onto the ground while moving around and spreads their arms wide
a man turns around clockwise, walks several steps, and then turns and walks back while hunched over and pushing his left hand forward.
a person walks slowly and then runs forward.
a man walks towards the right.
a person is walking around with one raised
a man catches then throws an object.
a person is walking backwards slowly.
person leans down to the left and reaches out with his right arm as if grabbing something, then turns to the left and makes another grabbing motion, then makes a buffing motion with his right arm as if cleaning off something he picked up, and then leaning down once more with his right arm.
person walks forward, steps over something, and continues
gets down on knees and hops backwards by a inch
a man left steps, then right steps, turns clockwise, left steps, then right steps back full circle.
a person holds their arms near their face and searches right and left.
a person kicks something behind them.
person is waking to the side up withh both arms bent as he twists them around each other and then bows forward from the with his right shoulder.
a man sits down cross-legged and stands back up again.
a man picks something up and then puts it back.
character is moving slowly before moving into a moderate jog.
a person sidesteps to the right, then left and back right, as if they were working out.
a man raises his arms over head then out from chest makes a circle whis left arm extends over his head and leans to the left stands up then raises right hand and then extends to right side
someone standing and tries to bend his right hand ,cleans his palm as he moves forward and backward
robot started dancing from right to left and his arms are in the air and tapping right foot to ground.
person brings left forearm up to their eyesight like they are checking the time on a watch.
a figure throws a frisbee or discuss
a person limping somewhere with a hurt leg
a person waves with their left hand.
the person is walking around waving.
a man marches and sidesteps back and forth in multiple directions.
a person jogs forward and up a set of stairs.
the person got down on their knees and then stood back up.
a person does a barrel roll.
a person walks forward two steps turns on left foot walks back two steps
a person is sitting and stands up.
a person throws something with their right hand, while raising their right leg very slightly.
a person pretends to be a chicken
a person hops into the air one time and then stops.
a person raised the hands grabbed something and made some jesture
the sim runs down the plane before crouching down onto one knee.
a person staggers around a little while gesturing with both hands.
a person raising their left arm in front of them, at 90 degrees, then putting the arm back to their side.
a person seems to be dancing with their arms as if they were a clown or doing an act
person is clapping on the spot
a person walks forward and turns right to return back.
a person reaches up while tip toeing and hopping.
person slides forward diagonally with left leg.
the person was doing a warm up with his elbows.
a person raised their arms above their head, and squatted.
a person stands in place with their arms bent.
a person lifts things from low in front of them with their right arm and places the things on the left and right hand side.
walks in a slight bend to the right and back, where the left hand goes up and down in a slow chopping motion.
a person turns steering wheel with both hands.
the person was lifting a dumbbell with his left arm.
a person grabs something at waist level with both hands and moves it to the right.
a person, while standing, rubs their stomach with their right arm.
a person slowly walks forward.
a man in a running position races four steps forward, slides to a stop and takes another step forward.
the man is squatting with his hands on his knees, raises his hand and returns them to his knees.
the person is walking fast to the right.
a figure raises its arms above its head and then does a forward roll
the person walked towards the right and sat down.
a person throws something with their left hand
person is jogging from right to left and then back to the center
a man is sitting with his legs apart and knees bent, with his right arm bent near his head, before lowering it to his side.
a person walks forward gingerly.
a person puts both arms in the air and leans over.
person jogs on the spot
person does a quick jump and then stumbles to the right.
a person carefully walks forwards, before lifting their left leg high over an obstacle, then their right leg, and walks forwards.
a person avoids something, dodging to their left.
a person who seems to put slippers on
a person walking in a counter clockwise direction
a person reaches down with his hand and then walks over and starts moving his hand up and down.
a person holds a split pose and stretches.
a person runs forward quickly
a man looks from side to side, steps forward, kicks something, and steps backward to where he was standing.
a person takes five delicate steps backward.
a person pours something, sets it down and walks backwards.
a person walks forward several steps.
a person waves with their right hand, walks to the right, walks back, and waves again.
the person stretching his arms up high.
a person begins walking forward, then they kick and keep walking forward, and then they walk backwards
this person strolls down the lane and then does a full 180 and walks back to almost the beginning.
a person standing, resting their body weight on their left leg, raises their right arm up, bent at the elbow, in the motion to check their watch for the time.
the man walk forward and move the right hand to the right side and went back.
a person sprints suddenly to the right
the person is throwing a javelin.
a person bent on the knee and after returned and made it twice
a person walks on the spot in a slow motion.
a man lifts its left arm up and down.
man kicks and jumps with left leg
a person slowly walks forward and stops.
person is practicing their long jump
a person shifts both of their hands to the right then drops them down.
the person was posing as a subject.
a person waves his hands above his head as if trying to get your attention, then drops his arms, shakes them loose and starts clapping.
person is running across.
a figure walks forward slowly, shifting their weight from side to side before turning and walking back the same way
a person lifts both of their hands around their mouth to vocalize something while looking to the right and left.
a person with his hands by his sides takes one step forward, then takes one step backwards, hesitates, then takes another step backwards.
a person leans down to pick something up and then uses it with their hands.
this person was flapping their hand and swaying their body doing the motion of a bird flying.
a person gets up from the floor on their hands and knees.
a man is picking an object up from the right side and then places it to his left side.
a person squats down then jumps
a man does two star jumps on the spot.
a person takes several short steps forward then reaches out to grab an invisible object with their left hand. they shake it, as if pouring something out, then put the object back down and pick up another, which they stir and pat with their right hand too, as if mixing something in a bowl.
a person picks up an item with both hands and sets it down somewhere else.
a person drinks from cup in left hand.
a man walks across to page and reaches to grab something of a shelf, he then walks back in a complete circle before reaching downwards
a person raises his left arm over his head and then his right arm over his head
robot doing exercise. stretching his arms and legs.
person claps with both hands in center of body
the person washes a window with his right hand and then stretches big.
person reaches out with right hand as if to grab something, then brings both hands up together in front of the chest.
person is jumping around back and forth.
a person is stationary moving their arms in symmetrical motion as if they are swimming.
a man steps to the left, turns to right and walks majestically towards the rightside,stops and then turns back.
a man holds his arms up at shoulder length, with his right arm held further from his body, and dances in a clockwise circle without turning his body.
a person turns to his right and kicks something with his left foot.
person steps out their left foot and pushes forward with both hand. person then steps back to original position. then the person steps to the side again, but only reaches out with the left hand.
a person walks forward unbalanced and almost falls over.
he runs forward directly then stops
a person walked in a counter-clockwise circle.
a person turns body to the left.
the person was pushed to the left but did not fall down.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle before stopping at their original position.
a person walks slowly down a path while swinging both arms, and at the end of the path, said person makea a 180โฐ turn to start his/her return up the path.
a person stretches their leg by lunging back and forth on it, stretches their arms one at a time by lifting them and bending at the waist in the opposite direction, then finally walks forward.
a person runs in place then stops.
the person walks around aimlessly
a man walks forward and then turn to the right and keeps walking.,
a lanky person walks forward.
a person walks forward then climbs up something.
a person spreads arms in a circle ending with hands down, raises arms, palms down, does several patting motions, lowers arms, raises arms, repeats patting motion, raises arms spreads arm makes circular motions
talking steps while climbing up with hand next to the sides.
man walks in a circular motion then stops right before completing the circle.
someone throws baseball down the plate
a person does a handstand and then stands back straight.
a person scrubs their chest arms and head with both arms.
a person running and then crawling before returning to a run.
a person reaches forward with his hand, then moves it out to the side and back to the middle again several times.
a person exercising his chest.
person is doing squat exercise
a person walks forward with right foot, then trips and continues walking forward.
a person picks up an item then reaches over to wipe an item then returns the first item to its original container.
person very lazily lift their left arm as if picking up a ball or similar item and proceeds to pivot their torso to the right and throw the item with very little energy or care. they then turn to center and reach out both hands and pull an item close to their chest
a person walks forward then backwards before continuing forward.
the person walked forward jumped over and went around.
a man lifts his right hand up and repeatedly hits something.
a person lifts their arms up sideways and hops once.
a person does a 360 jump turn clockwise
a person  walks forward and then up stairs.
a person walks forward and stumbles.
person walks straight in pretty slow phase, turns around and walks in oppsite direction.
the person was laying  down and then they got up.
a person walks forward in a cool manner and does a spin.
a figure walking in a straight line, swinging their left arm far greater than the right arm.
the person turns the upper body to the right and makes an upward  punching motion with the left hand.
a person picks something up on the right and moves it to the left.
a person makes two short hops.
excited person starts with arms out and bounces from one foot to the other while clapping.
person steps forward and bends both knees and bends body forward to put something on ground
the person is boxing with his left arm.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle with arms and hand above their head
the stixk figure is rasing his hands ina lifting weight maner.
man does jumping jacks while standing in place.
running from side to side.
person puts his right arm out to the side and swings it back and forth as if encouraging
a man walks foward,picks something with his right hand,puts it on the left side and then walks back.
a person slowlt moved in right direction
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person squats and crosses his feet.
a person starts in a standing position then walks backwards.
a person walks around with frustrated gestures.
a man walks in a counter-clockwise circle, hunched over and not moving smoothly
a man puts his hands together then stands still.
a person walks forward while hunched over.
a person takes a quick step backward.
a man is walking and jumping.
a person throws an object with his right arm
the man walks forward, spins around and walks back.
a man squats extraordinarily low then bolts up in an unsatisfactory jump.
a person steps forward, picks up something and then stirs and pours it.
a person jogs in an anti-clockwise circle twice.
a person is walking forward with very animated hand motions.
person is sitting down scratching head i think.
the person does 2 cartwheels
a person walks up stair, holding a rail to their left.
a person crawls on all fours and then stands up to face the right.
person quickly runs in a half circle, then turns around and runs back to the start.
a figure walks in a straight line down a path
this person slowly sits down.
a man brings his hands down to his sides and then points in front of him with his right hand.
the person walks through the aisles in the line at the amusement park
a person lifts a foot up to their face to inspect it.
a person takes a big step to the left.
a person walks quickly in a very feminine way.
person walking slow from side to side with wide spread legs and arms
the person is creeping across the floor in their hands.
a person falty jumped few times
a person stretches their arms over their head, touching their hands together, and then brings their arms back down.
a person quickly walks forward.
a person rubs their right wrist then brings their left hand to their face.
some thing on the hand and like play.
a person is standing on their right leg, kicking  with their left leg, standing on their left leg, then kicking with their right leg before standing with both feet on the ground.
the person is lifting something with his left hand.
a person is sitting with his hands resting on his thighs.
a person is walking across an area at a steady but somewhat slow pace; they take about 5 steps and have minimal arm movement.
person moves left then raises right arm then raises left arm then rasies both arms forward then raises left arm
a man steps to the left and the back to the right.
the person is walking normally towards me.
a person take two small sets to their left laterally.
he puts down box to work
a person who is hunched forward stumbles to regain posture, sways body from side to side and hunches forward one more time before standing upleft.
a person cleaning the floor by sweeping, mopping or using a vacuum cleaner
a person walks to their right for 10 steps and then turns around.
a person reaches out to grab something, then paces back and forth
the man moves to his right
a person walks slightly forward then turns right and continues to walk.
a person is walking down a path moving slight going towards the left side.
the person had his hands up in his rocking back-and-forth.
a person walks down an incline, using handrails on both sides.
a man uses both arms to make jabbing motions at the ground as though vacuuming, taking slow and staggered steps, before raising to a standing position.
person moves right foot infront to side then moves left foot  leading body to stand side on on opposite side of square
person is acting like a human monkey.
the person was doing a warm-up with his wrists.
a person looks to be stiring something and then squeezing something in both hands.
a person slowly walked forward
spinning arms near chest.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
the person waves both hands simultaneously
he moves to the side
the person is standing there.
the person is squatting and raises its arms out sideways.
the person walks forward in a slight diagonal
person walks forward, turns right, and walks back
a person runs forward and then turns right
the man lifts something with his left hand.
a man touches his shoulder, stretches and touches his shoulder again.
a person leans to his left.
a person in a sitting position wiggles around while remaining in that position.
this person crawls across the floor then stands and walks.
he does a salsa dance
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides raises his right hand to mouth level and returns his hand to his side.
a person quickly rubs their fingers together before lowering their arms and then raising their red arm to motion to somebody to stop.
a man picks up a drink with his left hand, takes a drink, lowers his hand for brief second before taking another drink of the imaginary beverage. this time, the man dri ks the reat of the be erage by tilting his head back all the way.
a person is jogging in place.
person is acting like a grizzly bear.
this person rolls over to his left to get up off the floor.
a person nearly falls while legs are tied
a person is doing a dance.
a person runs on the spot.
a person has their knees slightly bent, and has their elbows bent with their hands up towards their chest
person makes motion of washing the body from head to torso.
a person jumps in place while flinging their arms and leg out and in.
a person jumping in place.
person walking forward and to the right making circle.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person holding something/ someone in front of them.
a figure jumps, throwing both arms in the air
starts with arms straight out and then uses left hand to what looks like press buttons.
a person doing jumping jacks.
the person is doing upper body stretches.
the man takes one hop into the air.
a person steps back with the left leg first into a fighting stance and then brings both of their fists out to their face, then brings their right leg back and fakes a punch with their left arm
a person slowly walked forward and returned
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes six steps forward, than angles to his left as he continues walking.
the person is doing an upper body warm up.
a person is swimming towards the screen.
a person holds both arms straight out to the side, then steps forward, puts their left hand down, and then kneels on both knees (right knee first, then left knee).
a person jogs in a counterclockwise circle with their hands bent in front of them moving forward and backwards.
the person slide right his left foot.
a standing person brings their left foot behind them.
a person moves an object from their left to their right side.
a man walks around in a circle counterclockwise.
a man turns around and swings an object.
a person takes a small hop forward.
a person does a jump
a person walks to his right.
a man skips in a circle with his arms moving up anf down
the person is lifting something with his left arm.
a person stayed on the place
the toon has their both arms up & extending in a "dancing" position, while moving forwards then backwards.
a person leans forward and lightly hits something with their hand.
walking forward and picking something up.
person walking on uneven ground.
the person is standing still with their arms bent and reached out forward, their left hand and forearm is moving in an arc from left to right
a person is walking backwards, turns around, then continues to walk backwards.
a personnlfots their arms up and down then appears to type something.
a man takes seven steps forward and slightly to the left
a man picks something up off the ground.
person is walking forward than getting something.
the person is walking back-and-forth to the right to the left
a person rocks back and forth with their left leg forward, and slaps their left arm with their right hand twice, then continues to raise their left hand chest level, but without slapping it for two more times.
a person takes a quick step forward.
a person is jogging on the spots, then runs to the left, then the right, then left, then stands still in his original position
a man wiggles his arms in front of him.
the person is squatting, bending at the knees, keeping their back straight, while extending their arms.
a man raises both of this arms in the air.
person takes four steps forward
a man steps back, then walks forward picking up an object from the ground and afterwards turns around and walks in the opposite direction.
a person walks at a moderate pace forward and to the right.
a person standing with both feet spread apart, lifts both arms straight out away from their sides.
a person jogs forward at a fast pace
someone is striding like on the runway gets to the end does a turn and starts strutting back in the same direction they started.
a person uses their left hand to swat at the air and then lifts their right hand to their face.
person is jumping and spinnin garound.
person walks forward while swing arms and walks back.
a man lowers and raises his forarms.
a person puts their left hand to their face.
person runs in place, stops, then runs in place again. he crouches down and creeps forward starting with his right foot.
a person walks in a loop in a sort of wobbly fashion.
a person walks at a moderate pace forward and to the left.
a person on the ground stands up.
a figure does sloppy cartwheels
a person throws something with both arms twice, then steps back and turns to his left while touching his right then left bicep.
a standing person folds their arms and then unfolds them.
the sim appears to step forward & throw an object.
a person swings their arms around while twisting then grabs their left elbow.
a man takes a step forward, turns around left side and walks back
person is walking on a tightrope or similar structure
person is doing fast jumping jacks
a perso bend the knee and leand to the floor and start walked
the person is walking in the counter counterclockwise circles.
a person walks up two steps, walks down two steps, turns out and walks up and down the steps again.
walking backwards and then sitting.
person lifts both hands to centre and moves left hand fast against right hand a few times
a man raises his right arm three times while sitting on a chair.
a person crosses their feet and kneels down at the same time.
swimming in place quickly.
figure appears to be moving items one at a time from right to left
a peson throws something with his right hand and then catches it
he does a big long jump
a person lifts their hand to wave and then brings it back to their side.
a man crouches completely still.
the man is dancing i think
a person is practicing karate moves across the floor
he pretends that soldiers march
the man jumps couple of times
a person is sitting with his hands resting on his thighs.
a person walks in a circular path.
a standing person readies and loads their gun into shooting position, then continues to shoot their gun, firing left to right in a sweeping motion.
a person walks straight forward, before stopping.
a person creeps forward quietly for 6 paces then bends down and picks up a cup and drinks from it.
a person wipes down a tabletop.
a person moves backwards and sits in a chair.
the  person was walking very fast.
a person checks their left foot for something.
a person crosses right leg behind left to sit down and then stands back up.
a man rubs his head.
person walks forward and to the left
person runs sideways like a crab from left to right 7 full times taking 2 steps each time coming to a stop the 8th time in the center
a person clapping with his hands
a person is waving his right hand.
arms tuck in moving back and forth and then extend out, moving in and out.
a person does jumping jacks.
the person is stepping on something.
a person is walking heel to toe in a straight line.
a man picks up an item with his left hand and lifts it to his right side.
a person holding their right arm rout in front of them and then putting it back at their side.
a person walks while holding a hand rail
the person is standing still with his arms crossed.
a person stepping back diagonally.
a person slowly sits down
the person is waving with his right hand.
he sits, then gets back up to do someyhing.
a person is walking forward and then stops.
the person cut down on their knees and was crawling.
person moves arms out to side, lifts them above head bent at elbow, and squats down.
a person turns clockwise while standing in place then slowly stretches arms outward to their side.
the person is walking slowly.
person turns right and goes over a few obstacles on ground
a man stands with his arms outstretched at shoulder level, then lowers them and brings them in front of his body, then drops them to his sides.
a person bends down and lifts up something.
this person waves with his left arm extended high.
a man swings a golf club and hits the ball
someone is playing american football
moving hand in a circular pattern.
a person is walking straight backwards.
a person alternatingly jabs and uppercuts both arms.
a person hops up and down.
a man sidesteps to his right, then crosses his arms and bends down to the ground, before lifting back up to a standing position.
a person raises their left arm forward to be parallel with the ground.
a person moves quickly forward and kicks out front twice with his left leg, moves backward, moves forward again, kicks out to the side with his left leg twice, moves back and stands.
a man turns slightly to his left then rights his right leg slightly and stamps down with his heel, before returning to his original position.
someone working out the right arm
person slightly takes a larger step whilst step to walk over something
the person looks at his left wrist.
the person has its red arm out while twisting its red leg.
a person takes a few steps forward, throws with the left arm, then a few steps back to the starting position.
a man walks foreward while swinging his elbows to the back and front.
a person is acting comedically.
a person claps, walks forward and then sits down.
a person walks forward and stumbles when walking.
perso is keeping water out of their face while swimming .
the person is getting a shower and washing his right arm
the person uses the wrench to loosen the bolt
a person does 2 jumping jacks.
a man raises both of this arms in the air.
the stick figure streches and  crosses his arms leaning to his right.
a person slowly walking forward and after changing a traectory a little 180* turn, and kepp walking
the man look like he was fishing with his left arm and then his right arm.
person stretching the whole right side by lifting the right arm and leaning sideways to the left
the person is jumping up and down.
person steps onto the left leg and straightens left arm into the air
someone throwing something very hard
a person dances while keeping his feet on the ground then steps forward.
a person walks in stride forward.
this person with shoulders raised slowly walks from right to left.
a person takes a small hop forwards.
person stands with arms extended to their side then lower them then walk forward then  swing arms side to side then go to side swinging arms still then punches in front
a person warming up his hands and legs, while standing on the place
he folds both legs doing a gesture
a person raised the left hand and shoed some jesture
lifting right arm above head
person moves walks from right to left clockwise into centre
the man throws something with his hand.
person jogs around to the right and left
the man holds his hands up and squats twice.
an upright person walks forwards, stumbling in a clumsy manner.
the person stood with his hands out of his side then he put them down a flapped them like a bird.
person pick some thing up on the right and moved it to the left.
the person moves their left hand to their mouth, as they place their hand down, they move the other hand to their mouth.
a person is crossing their arms.
a person is moving around his right and left hand.
a person runs in place at varying speeds
a person throws something with their right hand then catches something with both hands above their left shoulder.
a person doing jumping jacks
this person is making a strumming motion as if to play a violin.
a person dances the salsa
a person is dancing side to side and turning.
person hold arms up and stumbles forward into the left.
a man leans forward with both hands outstretched in front of him as if he's picking something up, moves it to his left side, then back to his starting position again.
a person swings left arm and then has an accident.
a person cleaning the window
a person walking in a diagonal line.
the person lifts his right leg into the air multiple times.
a person waves both of their hands in the air.
starting from their left foot in the air, person stands ready with fists up then takes two swings with their right hand downward then two more high and to their right and finally two lefts downward mirroring the rights from before.
a person is shooting a basketball with both hands.
a person throws something.
a person runs back and forth
walking in a random pattern.
a person holds both hands together over their right shoulder, then brings them both down.
person is putting on a garment
person is doing karate, licking a couple times, then punching forward and to the left side
a person casually walks forward and to the side, before stopping.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person slowly walked forward
person is reaching down.
the person rotates their upper body to theright and then to their left, the person then takes a step diagonally to the left and then takes a step back with their left foot
person slowly walks forwards with hands by side.
a person raised the hands and after sit down on somewhere
a person claps with both hands
walking side to side then stopping.
person walks forward and stumbles
a person is seen to be getting up from a laying down position
a person raises their left hand to their chest.
the man shakes his foot as if he stepped in something then returns back to his original stance.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person spins in a counterclockwise circle
a person turns slightly to the left, throws an object, then catches something with both hands
a person raises their arms high above their head.
a man holds an object with his right hand and strums the object with his left hand.
a man cross punch with the left arm
a person steps to their left and puts their left arm in the air.
the person did a wonderful cart wheel.
a person balancing on one foot while moving the other leg in the air around towards is back.
moving hands and jumping.
a person walks then spins around.
a person performs forward arm rolls, backward arm rolls, and then bends at the waist and swings his arms while crossing them.
the person ran into some thing with his right leg.
the person is punching something.
a person turns and looks to the right
the person kicks up their leg a couple of times
the person does a basic walk forward
the person in the scratching his head with his left hand.
a man walks forward with a normal gate.
a man walks a straight line forward.
a person runs forward using both their right and left leg.
a man walks forward, then moves quickly to his right and then back to the left.
a person appears to be swimming.
the person is flailing their arms around
person is bending over at the waist, then back up.
slowly swinging the arms forward as the body walks slowly.
the person is fighting bugs.
a figure side leaps to the left then takes of jogging in that direction
raising arms near face.
a person raises his right hand above his head and waves it.
a person walks a path that bends to the left.
the person moves both hands in front of themselves while standing.
right to left bob, arm contraction and pec contraction also a shuffle
this person is sitting on a swivel chair with arms raised as if playing an instrument.
the person is pretending they are an elephant.
a person is break dancing.
a person takes a wide stance and jumps around the floor.
the person is wobbling in place.
a person stands still, then waves, then stands still
a person holding something with both hands, turns and throws the object with his left hand.
a person quickly sprints in a figure-eight pattern, stopping briefly at each side to carefully turn.
a figure walks in a forward/straight direction
a man raises his hands in front of his face, then does a front kick with his left foot.
a person grabs an object and then raises it, tilting it before setting it down.
a person walks side to side going downward.
a person raises their right hand above their head and motions downward. as if throwing an object toward the ground
a person slightly crouches down and bends their arms at the elbows and walks slowly from side to side.
a person is walking backwards.
a person walks slowly and then runs forward.
this person kicks with his right foot while standing.
the person walks forward bends over and moves their hand as though they are shaking a bottle
a person kicks with their left foot two times.
a person looks around while holding their hips.
dancing while walking forward.
a person brings back their left arm a few times and then brings it forward as if throwing something, putting their whole body into it.
a person swats their left hand in front of them
a person is walking straight backwards.
the person standing and saluting someone.
a person stands still, then walks, and grabs something before holding it straight out to offer to someone
a person slowly walks forward and then turns around.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes a step, raises his arms above his head, takes four more steps with his arms raised above his head and drops his arms to his sides.
character raises right arm to shoulder height then drops to side.
the person is doing elbow warm-ups.
picking something up off the ground and putting it on something
a man picks up a phone with his right hand and talks on it.
a person reaches down with alternating hands, then moves their right hand back and forth, then reaches down with alternating hands
the stick figure is in a squat postition dancing.
a person drags his right leg while crossing his left leg over it and then waivers crossing left over right and somewhat backwards.
a person stands with their arms stretched out then sits down.
person is facing forward waving with their left hand.
a person stands up and walks forward diagonally, then stops and raises both their arms.
the person is drinking out of a cup.
person does a star jump
person walks forward turns back and moonwalks a few steps  before doing a pose and lifting right arm excitedly
a person wipes a surface with left hand.
a person walks diagonally to the left, climbs a ladder then climbs down
a man walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a steps forward and then sprints forward.
the sim appears to throw an object underhand before making a catch.
person slides forward diagonally with right leg.
individual appears to run and jump.
someone standing with his two hands on his knees and after raises his left hand up and later placed it back to his left knee.
the person is standing still, they lift their arms to the side, bring them down and then to the front of them
a person sits, moves hands and arms in a left and right motion and lifts right foot off the ground.
the person double pours something to mix.
a person walks counterclockwise to the left.
a person walks forward, then turns their torso to the right, then walks back and a poses.
person leans down and spins clockwise fast twice stumbles then returns to original stance
a man picks another man up and slams him to the ground.
the person lifts both arms out to his side, bends to put his left hand on the floor then bends both knees  to kneel, then he stands up straight.
a person raises their right hand as if to look at a watch.
a person stretches both arms above their head
a person throwing an object ( a ball) in a pitching stance using the right arm.
a person looks at their right wrist and lowers it.
a person moving forward climbs down the stairs.
a person walks forward then turns while using their arms to press against the wall
a person throws something with their left hand.
a man walks forward in a straight line, thennearly topples over, putting his weight on the blue foot, before regaining his balance and continuing his stride.
a person walks calmly from the top right to the bottom left.
a person waves a friendly hello.
the person is lifting a dumbbell with his right arm.
a person walks up stairs, turns around at the top, and walks back down the stairs.
a person stretches their arms above their head and stands on their tip toes.
a person is warming up their pectoral muscles
someone is walking forward and looking backwards, and then running a big
walking forward and getting pain in the left leg
person is looking through binoculars at someone.
the person is doing the moonwalk.
a person stumbles around the floor randomly, swaying and nearly falling.
the person was fighting with someone with his elbow.
person stands still for 7 seconds then takes step to the right
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward very slowly
the man is doing dance waltz
stick figure stands still before walking forward in a diagonal direction
person slides to the left in a smooth motion
a person hops up and down
a man moves his hands towards his face then grabs something in front of him.
the person is jumping up and down.
a person raises their left hand above their head then places them back down.
the figure walked a few steps forward, stopped, turned and walked back, with its hands hung from the back of its head, contemplating its thoughts.
a person is standing and moving his hands around.
a person slowly walked forward
a person squats slightly moving from side to side then steps their right foot backward.
a man walks forward, then turns around and walks back before facing back and standing still.
this person walks quickly from a right angle and turns around to walk back.
the person is going to take a vacation.
the person is walking in a forward motion while their right and left arms are swinging in alternating direction, one goes forward while the other goes backwards.
a person walking forward in a steady pace
moving arms in and out
a person picks something up, sets it down and throws something.
a man walks in a circle.
a person throws something with their left arm.
the person waves their left arm in circles from bottom to top.
a person standing, makes small hops, shaking his hands by his side.
a man climbs up steps.
after taking two steps backward, the person lowers themselves into a seated position, steadying themselves agasint something behind them at waist height, before standing back up
he acts like a big cow
a figure walks forward two steps raises its hand to an onset of watchers, spins in a 180 degree circle, repeating.
person crouches down and begins to fall backwards.
a person moves their right forearm around in a random pattern.
a person raises his left hand to his chest, holds it for a couple seconds, and puts his hand back down.
a person sits down and stands back up.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides leans to his left, leans back to his center, then slowly lifts both arms and hands chest high in front of his body.
the person is spinning around.
the hands are held at the chest as the left foot kicks forward and back.
he brings hands to his chest, then places them beside and back a little, and uses them to help himself up; he then walks forward in a clockwise motion.
a person stirs something with their right hand in a clockwise direction.
a person holds his arms bent at his sides and steps forward with his right leg two times.
a person walks forward and back while holding an object near their face.
a person is clapping his hands.
he pushed himself up from the ground to stand up.
a person walks forward quickly
the man drops his arms and walks to the chair for a seat then stands up.
a person takes marching steps in various directions.
a person does a cartwheel.
a person picks something up then sets it down
a person slowly walked forward
a figure sways his body from right to left, extending his arms outward horizontally and swaying in a wave motion
the man walks and makes a right turn
the person is lifting their arms above their head stretching
a person walks in a circle motion with their hands up, infront of them.
the person is synchronized walking forward.
a man bends neck and body to mimic a snake.
a person raised the rigth hand and pull it down
person is doing jumping jacks.
a person excitedly pumps their left fist.
a person walks to the right.
a person lifts something to their face and wobbles their body in circles.
a person waves vigorously with left hand and then with right hand.
a figure facing forward on a line turns to the right then turns around.
a person starts to jog in place and then returns to standing still.
a person grabbed something with hands and start to play on it
a person using their left hand to wipe something.
a person walks in a circle
person walks forward several paces, stops and then does a little jump.
a person lifts up their left leg while shifting on their right.
a person speed walking in a forward motion
a person kicks their right leg back. they balance on one leg and swings the right leg towards the front of their body with the knee bent. they are balancing an item on their foot.
a man walks in a counterclockwise circle while swinging his arms.
a person crosses their arms then un-cross it.
a seated person gets up, takes two steps and a half turn and stops
a person throwing a ball
a person slowly claps sarcastically
person taking two steps before hesitating to step over object
in a standing position, arms moving up and down as if your throwing something to the ground.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person stretches, placing most of their weight on one leg bent at the knee, holds this pose for several seconds, swivels around and crouches.
person is sitting reading a newspaper.
the person is stretching arms out.
the person walked forward and a medium pace.
the person was walking and stepping  over something.
a person turns around and walks away, then turns around and walks back to their origin.
a man gestures with his left hand to himself.
a person uses their left hand to point forward.
a person sits on a chair and leans back, relaxing and folding their legs.
a person jumps and turns left and right.
a person looks at their watch on their right wrist.
a figure waves with its left arm near shoulder height. the figure gestures slightly with both arms, seemingly hesitant.
a person uses both hands to bang on objects.
a person does a strange maneuver, as if they are about to fall over.
a person walks in a counterclockwise quarter circle.
a person is stepping to the right at a backward angle.
the man places something on a shelf bends to pick up things and places them back on the shof in a mixing motion.
a person sitting on something and then getting up; walking away
the person is doing the lambada dance.
shuffle step left then side stepping back right
i feel like this animation is skipping or maybe running in a u shaped path with twisting every stop
a person repeatedly jumps up and down.
a man is standing with his arms elevated at his side, he lowers his arms and sits, then raises his right arms as if picking up something
man reach down lift up with hands and turn body to the left with left hand reaching out min forward motion.
a person bows to two different people then shakes someone hand.
a person is making a motion of throwing an object to his right side with his left hand.
person is walkng down slowly.
a man walks forward to turn around and walk back.
a man lowers his raised arms, steps forward and the starts scrubbing something in front of him.
a person kicking forward; four kicks, starting at low kick to high kick and back to low kick.
a person lifts something with both hands, then brings his left hand over to press on top of it, before setting it back down.
a person walks and trips to his right and then recovers.
a figure walks backward slowly
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes two steps forward and to his right, braces his left hand as he bends over and looks down, rises up and then takes two steps back.
the person is walking to the right curved.
a person steps into the shallow end of a pool.
a person who seems to be grabbing  something from their pocket
a man shrugs over and over again.
the man walks slowly from one side to the other in a diagonal fashion.  he stops, turns around, and walks half way back.
a person squats down and stands back up.
stick figure starts running in place
a person that is hopping front and then backwards and then does a front flip
a person walks quickly forward, stops and picks up something heavy, places it up higher on something, turns around and walks back.
a man is walking in a large clockwise circle.
jogging backwards slowly once.
a person walks on a beam, loses his balance and fall off to his left.
the man is walking forward but then gives someone a low five as he passes them.
someone slowly swings his head and shoulders in a clockwise circle, then swings his hips slowly in a counter-clockwise circle
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person walking in a strait path with his/her arm swaying in a confident manner.
the person begins to walk in a clockwise oval, spins, and continues walking until they reach about 3/4ths.
a persoon grabbed something with both hands
a person in a standing position squats both knees down and then straightens back up in a vertical jump.
a person is clapping his left and right hand together
the man wave a heavy object around with both hands.
the si is standing still, then raises their right arm.
a person flaps their arms quickly like a chicken.
a person moves their arms and neck about rapidly to stretch them.
the person is making gestures with their arm.
a person is bent over at the waist, motioning forward with their right hand, then stands up.
a man walks forward and takes two steps, turns clockwise and then goesni to a sitting position from standing.
a person walks forward then stops
a person squats with their butt lower than their knees.
a man stands over top of a building and takes his hands on the edge to look down.
a man jogs on the spot for a few seconds.
the person was standing with his arms crossed.
a man stands completely still.
a person walks down some steps slowly and then walks back up
a person sits and holds both hands to their mouth, eating something.
a man walks left, turns, walks right and sits down in a chair and then stands up.
a person gets down and crawls around the floor.a
walking forward and then back.
a person stands on one leg in yoga pose.
a person jumps on the spot twice.
someone takes a small hop and then a few steps forward
the person was doing a warm-up with his wrists.
the person walks backwards then crawls forward
a person wipes with their right hand .
the person is shaking their shoulders standing up and again bending at the waist.
pretend to hold a ball in your left hand, toss the ball upward and kick it with your left foot as it falls toward your foot. take steps forward and keep going out of the area.
a person is walking briskly around a room
person is walking and turning right.
he walks firmly back and forth, swinging his hands in sync with his steeps.
a person is screwing something into place.
a person reaches down and picks something up on their left side with both hands and sets it down on their right side.
a person holds their arms near their face and searches left and right.
person walks forwards slowly, hands gently swinging back and forth.
the person is picking up something.
a person standing still and then puts arms up in the air
a person jogging in forward direction.
the person walks in a clockwise oval.
a person raises their hand to their face and then folds their hands together.
the person was leaning over touching the ground and then walked a few steps.
a person is standing still, then walks forward and turns to the right while still walking, then stops
a person is walking and stops.
a person raises their arms to their chest as if lifting dumbbells.
a person lifts something with their left hand.
the person drinks the last of the milk using their right hand
a man is randomly running in the diagonal direction
a person slowly walks backwards
the person walks and comes to a stop.
a man jogs in place, first slowly, then building up speed.
a man walks in a s pattern before stopping.
the person is walking slowly forward.
the person is mixing up food.
person is doing across punch to the left.
a person walks forward, spins around and walks back.
a person swings their arms in circles in front of them.
the person is running crazily to the left.
a person steps forward, open something like a door, and then steps backwards.
a person has his arms bent at shoulder level, then moves his left arm over as he turns his torso before starting to return to his original position.
a person lowers their left raised hand, shuffles their feet and braces them apart, and then raises both forearms in front.
a person with their hands in front of their face, punches with their left hand.
a person dances to the left and then the right while stepping foot over foot.
a person wobbles as they walk forward.
person picks something up and moves it to a shelf
a person trotting forwards in a diagonal path.
someone is walking down towards the left-hand side of video in a confident manner.
person takes a large step and staggers down walks forward and turns
a person squats down and jumps a couple feet forward off of 2 feet and lands on both feet one time.
the man puts his right knee out and back in, then puts his left knee out and back in.
it looks as if someone is greeted/surprised by a group of people and is excitedly showing his reaction with his arms swinging and leaning back in excitement.
a person crouches low like a gorilla and walks on all fours from left to right.
a person picks something up and puts it down to the right
the person is walking backwards pulling something.
person standing up, cups hands and scoops up from the left side and splashes something on their face. then they cup hands and scoop up from the right side and splashes something on their face. they then scrub their hands together.
a person takes a few steps with his arms held at his sides and limping slightly, before ending in a standing position.
a person turns around and limps slowly in a straight line then turns around again.
this person readies himself to do a handstand and fails.
a stick figure clasps botg hands and swings them foward
a person runs forward taking very wide steps.
a person crawls then stands up and grabs his face.
a person raised right hand and after pull it down
someones walking and swaying there arms
a figure side-steps forward and to the right, and then takes only one step backward to the left.
character lifts both hands up to face twice.
turning body from side to side.
a person sits down and shivers.
the  person is jogging diagonally.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person making something and putting the in specific places on the ground
a man marches sideways towards the left with elbows bent and arms moving.
the man walks forcefully forward 4 steps.
a person raised and showed some jesture
a person steps back on his right foot; swipes something in the air with his right air; stretches both arms; steps back on right foot; walks forward on left foot then turns around to the left walking toward something.
perso is keeping water out of their face while swimming .
a person quickly walks backwards and to the side
the person moved from lying down to a crouch.
a person walks in a circle with arms outstretched.
a man jumps up in place.
person is performing golf motion
a person doing different type of hand signals
the person is holding his face because he has a toothache.
a person grabbed something and moved backwards
a man marches largely in a diaganol then turns around and stops.
person walks forward in slow manner
a man standing with his arms on the waist, stretches his left hand forward and placed it back and tries stretching his right.
a person is punching with their left hand.
this person walks quickly from a left angle and turns around to walk back.
a person jumps then is pushed to the right
a person sprinting ahead, and then slowing down.
the person takes a large step towards their right.
a person raised he lef for half and after changed the leg
a man brings his arms up to neck level and punches the air in front of him with his right hand as his hips rotate, before returning to a standing position.
a person jumped forward three times turned around and then jumped back the other way one time.
this person swings arms out to his sides then forward.
a person walks a little sloppy, then steps over something before looking excited to finish his walk by turning around.
person walks forward down two steps.
a person walks in a curve to their right.
bouncing in a counterclockwise circle, moving the elbow up and down towards the chest, sliding at the end with arms open.
a man walks forward turns to the right and then walks back in the direct he came.
a figure puts two objects together from opposite positions.
the person is jogging in place.
a person is walking carefully and making u turn.
a person stretches their right leg and left leg alternatively in order to get read for a race.
the person is putting on his shirt.
a person walks to the right, turns around, then walks to the right.
a person strikes a golf ball.
a person walks anti counterclockwise in a semi circle then jumps twice
a man stands on the ground , raises his right hand up and then lowers it down.
a person reaches their left arm out in front of them, then puts it back down.
the person lifts both arms in the air and drops them back.
a person shuffles to his left.
the man lifts his left arm
a man starting off in a running pose runs forward, landing on his right foot.
a person takes some slow steps forward.
the body takes a clumsy walk sightly sideways.
this person reaches forward with his right hand then places an item near his left hand.
a person staggers around drunk and repeatedly gestures down with their right hand, as if mumbling an imaginary argument to themselves.
a man pushes his arm overhead as though throwing something, brings his hands together, then repeats the throwing motion.
a person is sitting and making small movements with their arms and legs.
a person crouching down and jumping forward.
a person while sitting on the floor throws with his right arm and then stands.
a person is bowling during cricket
a person walks casually forward, appearing to walk down four steps. their shoulders are neutral. both feed come together at the bottom.
a person walks diagonally to the left pauses with hand raised and then walks back.
a man picks something up with his right hand and swirls it around.
a person walks around and bends over.
some performs two jumping jacks from a standing position.
a person punches with their left arm, swats with their left arm, then punches with their right arm
a person walking and raising his left palm .
person bends down, then stracthes left elbow and left side of head
a person seems to be dancing of sorts with someone else
movin  right hand upward
a person crawls downward on all fours then stands up, then while facing to the left sidesteps upwards and touches right knee with right hand.
the man is standing still
a man stand up from a kneeling position and then kneels again.
a person stands using his left hand to play a guitar moving it up and down.
a person jumps up while spreading the legs and lifting the arms up above the head several times, then jumps repeatedly by alternating the left and right leg forward.
a person steps to the right and slowly sits down on the floor, their legs buckling as they do so.
the person is cleaning the windows in front of her.
the person is walking on a treadmill slowly.
the man is jogging on the spot
someone walks with difficulty on their left side, then tries to run
a person standing in a t pose and then doing strange hand movements
a person jogs in place
a person who is standing reaches back with his right arm and swings it forward and upwards.
person in an aggressive stance walks casually forward in a horizontal direction
a person is doing stretches
the person walks forward while seeming to balance themselves by placing their hand on something to the right.
a man in running in place before stopping.
the person is walking on a balance beam.
the person pick something up and tilted it onto the right.
a person holds both hands up to face momentarily.
someone walks and with his left hand seems to touch something
a person walks forward and stops.
person has hands on their knees and then brings arms up .
a person limps around the floor, waving their arms to keep balance.
a person raises their right hand then puts it back down.
person is moving things around.
a person pivots slightly and then throws an object with their right arm.
a man calmly pusts his hands down and gives a short bow.
the person is walking around holding onto a handrail.
a person walks quickly straight forward.
a person lays on the ground.
the person is itching and scratching all over.
the person is walking knees down line crawling.
person pick something up and put it on the
persons throws a football to someone
a person uses both hands to hold something, and then rings a doorbell.
a man bends his right arm at the elbow in a struggling motion.
a person dodge something with head
a man raises his right hand to cover his face, then lowers it again.
a man walks forward and few steps than turns around.
a person appears to be warming up by stretching and moving around.
a person strides forward at a brisk pace.
someone is walking around in a counterclockwise circle.
staying still then backing up.
a person at a standstill starts running, then stops.
a person steps to his right.
walking side to side.
the person is walking around looking down.
he throws very hard
a person walks across the room.
a man faces the camera and stands in place while raising his left arm, then waves his left hand before returning to a standing position.
a person casually walks forward.
a person opens an item in their left hand.
a person claps their hands
the person rolled over from his side.
a person walks forward, then leans down as if to pick something up, turns around and puts something down on the ground.
a person is leaning to the left and makes gestures with both hands. they then lean to the right and make a gesture with their left hand only.
a man walks forward, pauses briefly and then walks backward.
a person slowly walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person places their hands out in front of them on something round.
this person does not move, just stands in place.
the person quickly sidesteps to their right.
the person is washing the front of some thing.
a person holding something in its right hand and twist it with their left hand, then raises their right hand towards its head.
the figure person raises both arms to horizontal left and begins to waltz in one location.
a person walks forward at a fast pace.
a person puts their hand to their neck and drops it and does this three times.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides jogs in place, turns to his right and jogs, does a 180 degree and jogs again, does another 180 degree turn and jogs several few steps, stops and resumes his original position.
a person steps backwards slightly.
a person takes small steps forward, leans over and does something with their left hand, then steps back.
a man has his arms extended outwards, then brings them down and back up again
a person is walking on uneven terrain.
a person blocks using their left arm.
a man throws with his right hand.
the hands go to the chest, then the right hand winds up in a circle motions before a throw, moving the body forward.
a person raises its left hand then both hands in celebration
a person raises both hands, then just right, then left, then right again
a person walks forward a few steps and then takes a drink with his left hand
a person leaned the hands near to face
a person reaches to their left with their left hand to grab something. the person then walks to their right and abruptly turns around and begins to stroke an object with their left hand.
a person walks in an anti clockwise fashion
a person stands still for a while then quickly walks forward.
a person jumps on the spot and is pushed forward.
a person steps forward before turning left, takes several paces, turns right, turns right again, walks several more paces before stopping and facing back where they came.
a person walks around, looking scared.
the person sits down and then stands back up.
someone moving hand forward while standing
a person first puts his right arm through the sleeves of a pullover, then his left arm, and then brings the pullover over his head and adjusts the pullover in his body.
throwing something underhand style.
walking in a circular motion.
the person  is doing an exercise warm up.
a man walks backwards with his arms stiffly at his sides.
a person walks in a large s pattern.
a person drops his arms to his side.
the person was walking around to the right and then turned around and walked back.
person has arms raised and brings then to hip level
person seem frustrated as they walk away and come back with arms up.
a person waves and beckons someone over with their left hand.
a person throws an item with their left hand.
a person walks forward 5 steps then begins to raise their right hand.
a person uses his right hand to pick up something from knee height to the left of him, turns and shakes his hand around should height to the right and then puts the item back.
a man is taking small steps before giant steps over objects that are in the way
the person is lifting their arms above their head stretching
person skips along in a wide circular shape
a person bends over and then picks up something with his left hand and then the right.
the person was pushed over
walks side ways but back and forth
a person slowly decends a staircase.
the person picked up his phone to make a call and then put it back.
a person jogs forward and stops.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes six deliberate steps forward and stops.
a person walks a step, bends, grabs something with his left hand, turns to his right, takes a half-step, bends and grabs something with his right hand, takes a quarter-turn and begins polishing or cleaning something.
a person squats with their arms out in front of them.
the person runs, jumps over something, and continues to run.
a person stretches out their left arm.
person takes step then turns and goes five steps back then takes something from or puts on high shelf then turns over and goes back to the spot he started movement from
a person runs diagonally.
a person hustles down a short flight of steps before coming to a stop.
a standing man loses a little bit of balance and his upper body leans and shakes toward his right.
a man hops on his right leg five times, makes a small jump, then steps forward into a strong push with both hands. he then returns to the starting position.
the man is stretching his arms
a person walking in a very gentle and non-harmful manner
a person is running backwards.
a man moves his arms by his sides.
the person is making a call and then putting the phone back.
walking in a diagonal line then standing.
a person walks forward and to the right.
person moves forward four steps lifts right hand and waves then steps back one  pivots on right foot and moves forward back
a person is running continually in place.
the person is walking and making a right turn.
a person is jogging forward with their arms near their chest
the man moves his left hand
a person goes from a sitting position to a standing position
someone steps to the side, takes a seat in a chair, and then gets back grabbing the arm rests.
the person is moving around in slow motion.
a standing person raises both arms shoulder height and waves both arms in and out
reaching forward with right hand to shake hands then returning hands to waist
the man makes a gesture and ties his laces
a person frantically runs forward.
a standing person takes a small hop forward.
a man sits down and moves his left hand.
a person raises their arms and makes a motion as playing a violin with their right arm.
the man is pretending to be in a playground swinging and climbing
the man is throwing his left hand
a person is standing still, steps to the left, then stands still again.
person doing dance moves while walking forward.  looks like disco dancing.
person makes motion such as lifting from the lower left side to the right side then back again.
stick man walking straightforward in wobbling position maybe taking a dui test.
a man is standing still, puts his hands together and behind his back, then proceeds to lunge his hands forwards, as if he is fishing, then brings them back in
person is standing there then moved over and back.
a person enacting a mime with an invisible barrier in front of them touching with both hands
this person strolls down the lane and then does a full 180 and walks back to almost the beginning.
a man backs up, leading with his left foot.
both arms raise to the right, hit throw
person acts in drunken way he steps back twice leaning back  and arms thrust out to the back
the figure raises its right arm and makes reaching motions as if grabbing for something, and then extends its arms twice.
he is balancing himself on his left foot.
the person walks forward and a little to their right.
a person holds a ballerina pose and then starts to dance.
a person covering his/her face and revealing it again
the person is walking back-and-forth to the left to the right
a person claps their hands once, then walks forward and sits down.
a person is slightly crouched and looking around
a person walks in clockwise direction dragging his right feet.
a person slowly walks from side to side going forward.
the man sits on a stool and looks around.
this person steps left and right in a circle.
the person is backing up then sititng down and standing up again.
a man stands forward and pulls his left arm back then forward in a throwing motion.
a person appears to be hitting a ball with their right hand.
a person takes two steps forward, turns 180 degrees to his left and walks back to where he started.
the character starts with arms outstretched to both sides then brings arms down. next the character uses the left hand to drink, then brings the hand down while putting the right hand on the hip. finally the character uses the left hand to mimic drinking again.
a person rolls their arms and shoulders.
the person having a conversation with someone.
a man is marching around in a circle.
a person jumps in the air and turns
the person is walking forward turning left.
a person stands still then puts their hands on their hip.
a person is wiping something with their left arm at their shoulder level.
someone walks forward, then turns around counterclockwise, then jogs straight, then turns around clockwise and jogs at a curve to their right.
a person takes a large step with their left leg
a person turns to his right and looks around.
person stands with both arms up then moves legs and arms side to side
man lightly jogs straight
the person was pointing to the left.
a figure walks forward lightly kicking one foot out
the person walks forward and is wiping something.
the person left of the dumbbell over his head.
swings right arm up to head
a person slowly walked forward and grabbed something with right hand
a person walks turning to the left.
a person walks and picks up an object and then throwing it.
person walks forward at a moderate pace.
a person standing still then suddenly  stepping back out of the way
a person lifts his right hand up to his face and then lowers it
walking from side to side.
a man walks forward and turns left and coming back and taking something from front
a person is running quickly.
a person subtly looks right, brings their hands together in front of their chest, looks left, then raises both arms up to their sides like wings.
a person is standing the brings left and right hand forward.
bring your left heel over your right heel as if doing a rainbow with a soccer ball and do a hop, repeat the process.
a person using a fishing rod
a person appears to be walking over obstacles. they walk forward, turn right and step up onto or over something. they then turn right and repeat the same motion. then then turn right again and do the same motion.
a person sits down and then stands up to take a walk and again sits down.
the figure slowly but strongly circles the space. the figure pauses from movement then bends for an unknown and unseen object at ground level.
a person bends over to look at something.
a person is doing a guitar playing motion with their arms then puts their hands down.
person person is jumping straight up.
a person moves their arms in a strange manner.
a person gets up from a cross legged seated position and does a small, athletic hop. they then raise their left hand and make a forward hitting motion, as if hitting a volleyball over a net. finally, they bend their knees and prepare to strike the ball again.
moving arms up and down in sync.
a person limps dragging their left leg.
a person does jumping jacks, spreading their arms and legs out and in with each jump
the  person is jogging diagonally.
a man steps to the left and begins moving his arms in a circular motion while jumping rope.
walking forward with arms outstretched.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides reaches over with his left hand to uncork a bottle, raises his right hand, drinks from the bottle and drops both hands to his sides.
a person turns to the left, squats while bringing both hands together then stands up straight again.
a person jumps backwards slowly.
a person throws something heavy over their head
person is walking forward doing karate moves.
a  person swings with both their arm.
a person holds an object over his head and uses his legs to lift it
a person is swiftly walking forward in place.
a person jumps over something.
a person swims as if doing a dolphin stroke.
person standing up, cups hands and scoops up from the right side and splashes something on their face. then they cup hands and scoop up from the left side and splashes something on their face. they then scrub their hands together.
a person takes a large step forward.
the person is shivering and then rubbing their hands together to stay warm.
a person skips several steps to the right, several steps to the left and then two steps to the right.
a person does a side step to the right
someone walks forward and to the right, then stands looking straight ahead.
a person looks slightly to their left, then lifts their left hand to slap someone else's hand as in a "what's up" gesture.
a person pers someing with left hand then scratches something with right have and then steps backwards
a man walks in a clockwise circle, hunched over and not moving smoothly
this person crawls on the floor then stands and faces left.
a person throws something with their left arm.
the stick figure walked foward.
person stands stationary, right arm twitches
a standing person leans forward and shakes their shoulders before leaning up to their original position
a person jogs in a clockwise circle.
a person swinging golf club or swinging and hitting ball with a bat.
a person slowly walked forward
a person jogs for a few steps, then slows to a walk for a few more steps.
the person was wobbling side to side.
a person warlk forward with a very possive stride.
person is holding hands above head and lowers hands then raises them like stretching
a person is dancing and starts to take a drink with their left hand.
a person waves with their left hand.
person gesturing them walking backward
a person lunges forward and catches their balance.
the person is walking up the stairs and then down the stairs.
a person walks straight forward
a person walks forward with his left hand outstretched like he is carrying something, stops, then motions like his is putting something on a counter. he proceeds to walk back to his starting position in a clockwise direction.
the person is walking to the right like a robot.
the person is walking back and forth diagonally.
someone is planning violin with their left hand
a person steps to the right
a person stands up, walks backward, kicks something forward, falls, and stands up.
a person stretches both arms above their head
a person lifts a dumbbell with his right hand.
a man steps back and then kicks.
a person is sat down
a person grabbed and sratching something with left hand
a person looks into the rear view mirror to gauge the view from before then grasps the wheel and adjusts their grip to feel more comfortable.
a person stand still and does nothing.
a person stumbles one step directly to his left.
a man stretches his left arm.
a man is standing with his left arm above his head using a waving motion to wave at something.
a person bends forward in a bowing motion.
a person walks straight then slightly to the right
a person marches forward and to the left.
person tosses an object up and to the left, then walks backwards to the left. then, person walks forward and tosses object to the right.
a person jobs forward in a straight line.
a standing person raises their right arm and waves.
a person punches with their right hand
he holds something up to his face and looks around, then lets it down.
moving arms side to side near chest.
a person reaches for something with his left hand.
a person reaches their left hand down to pick something up like a bucket. they then scrub something in front of them at waist level with their right hand for a couple seconds
a person stands from a sitting position, sits back down and rests their legs on the stool
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle
a person walks backwards with uncertain balance, diagonally to the left.
a person leans down as if to pick up something heavy and and tosses it to their left.
a person holds something up to their face.
a person who is rolling and pulling something in their hand
someone attempts to do a handstand, but simply lifts their legs and comes back down.
a person kicks, turns back and falls, raises up and claps.
a person is running from side to side, doing a suicide drill motion - striding back to their starting position at the end.
a person walks in a three-quarter circle to their left all while checking to look back over their right should three times.
character is taking a side step to the right, then a side step to the left.
someones walking and swaying there arms
a person sits down to a reclined position and then stands back up.
a person, standing with both arms resting at their sides and slightly bent at the elbow, moves around seeming to look for something.
the person is posing like a zombie.
a man is standing up straight and scratches the top of his head with his right hand
a person shooting a basket ball, walking back, then throwing a football.
a person walks forward slowly
the man stoops to pat someone on the back then stands and walks away.
a person walks forward slowly.
a man walking down steps
a person throws an object with his left arm
a person does a short jump
a person jumping around with alternating hip twisting motions and then does a 360 degree counter counterclockwise spin
person is crawling around.
a person uses right hand to touch floor in different places.
person is trying to get someone to stop
a man moves his left arm around in front of him.
a person moves forward quickly and lifts both legs before landing and continuing to move forward.
a person walks forward then moves up into the air as if they are walking up steps.
a person falls to the right
a person stands still and shifts their weight from one foot to another while looking back and forth.
a person quickly turns left then jogs to the right, stops and walks back to the left.
person puts left hand to left leg, while right arm is sideways
person jogs in place very quickly.
the person is swimming like a fly.
the stick figure  is squating but leaning side to side.
a person crosses their legs while sitting.
a person clasps his hands in front of him, then swings his clasped hands back and forth.
a person staggering up, taking labored steps in a forward and upwards direction
a man paces back and forth around a room with his hands at his hips and his head downtrodden in frustration.
a person walks forward with arms at their side not swinging
a man is in motion
a person walks side to side.
a person walks forward in a southern direction, turns his body to look to his left twice, then slightly angles his body to the southeast.
person is moving an object to the side.
the person grabs something with their left hand and uses right hand to hold something while using left hand to mix something that is in the right hand.
the man flexed his muscle and touched it and then put his arm back down to a side.
bouncing up and down while the wrist moves back and forth.
a person brings his left arm to his face.
a man hops on the spot a few times using both legs, with his arms loose to his side.
person is doing arm circles over head
a person is running on the spot.
person looks like they are doing lunges and stretching to the left.
a person runs in a counter-clockwise circle.
a person is spinning around.
a man holds his right arm with his left as he stretches it across his chest, then lowers both arms to his sides.
a person stands and waves happily with their red hand.
a man kicking his right leg in the air behind him leaning forward then dropping back down to the floor, then kicking the left leg up in the air behind him, leaning forward and letting it back down to the floor.
a person is walking forward holding something in hands then appears to put it down or hand something over
a person with a left red side and right blue side holds hands
the man drops to his hands and knees and crawls across the area and stands back up.
a person side-steps to the left, then to the right, then back to center.
a person runs forward and stops.
a person walks in a circle
robot is definitely dancing and moving from right to left.
person kicks forward with their left leg, with their arms in front of them
a person touches their left wrist with their right hand, then lowers their hands back down.
a person is squatting down with both arms up to his face
person holds roght leg up by the knee woth both hands and extends leg.
a person swivels in a chair while on the phone, then stands up.
the person is squatting down to pose.
the person walks quite aggresively with swaying shoulders and his right arm swinging more than their left, they take a few steps forward and raise their left hand as if to pick something up from about head height, then walking back in the direction they came. this action is repeated one more time
a person is walking forward.
the person is walking in a straigjt line
this person steps left and right as if to dance or perform.
the person is rasiing a hand.
person bends down, then stracthes right elbow and right side of head
a person jumps backwards twice, trying to dodge something
he does a salsa dance
a person is taking wide steps back and forth.
person crosses arms and scratches right elbow
a person using a shovel to dig in the ground.
a person jogs forward, stops, then jogs backwards
a person weaves back and forth as the jog.
a person facing the camera  raises their right (red) hand, and waves it back and forth.
person is pretending they are a dinosaur.
moving arms right and left slowly.
a figure seems to pet an animal
a person is shaking his body
a person standing up claps their hands together one time, walks diagonally to the left slightly, then sits down.
a person is making signals with both his hands
a man crouching down reaches up with his right hand and then brings it down again
appears that someone is acting like a bear or monkey.
the man is doing step over gap
the man is stirring to the left
a person performing a straight kick.
a person standing still then suddenly  stepping back out of the way
person grabs left leg and holds knee to chest, extends left foot, then grabs thigh.
this person walks very slowly forward.
a person is throwing punches
person gets on the floor and starts crawling
person walks with a limp. the left leg is dragging while person is walking.
jumping up and down in place.
the person took one quickstep to the left.
a person is walking forwards, but stumbles and steps back, then carries on forward.
the right hand comes to the chest and moves back and forth in a waving motion.
this person is waving his left hand.
the person is using a dumbbell with his left hand.
the figure is hunched forward and walking slowly as if sneaking
a person ran forward in left direction
the man touches his head with the right hand then the left.
a person lifts their left hand as if holding the neck of the guitar, and then moves their right hand in a strumming motion.
the person is walking around holding onto a handrail.
a man dances rhythmically from side to side and then turns
a standing person raises their left arm and points towards their right, then points straight ahead and lowers their arm.
a person uses both hands in a pounding motion four times while moving backwards, he skips forward again and turns to thr left side.
person walks in a counter-clockwise circle while leaning forward and extending arms outward, moving them up and down in a "scratching" motion.
figure gets down on hands ans knees yo crawl around in a circle a few times and then gets back up
person is performing jumping jacks
a person walks forward slightly slowly and at a angle to their left
someone is pulling something out using their right hand, and their left hand as leverage.
a man walks up a flight of stairs, turns around and then walks down the stairs.
a person reaches down akd to their left to pick up an object. they then use that object and place it back where they picked it up from.
right hand circular motion medium speed
a man holds an object with his left hand and strums the object with his right hand.
the person picks an object up off the floor with their right hand
a person reaches into both directions before going into a superman pose.
the man is running with legs slightly tilted to the right.
person does four star jumps legs outwards and arms from hips to above head
a man holds his head with his right hand and holds his left hand in front of his face while turning at his waist.
a person is shaking their arms.
a man holds his arms close to his head in a sitting position.
the persons flexing his muscles and feeling it.
person is jogging in a normal pace.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
the person took a small jump forward.
a figure jogs in place.
a man walks forward and then turn to the left and keeps walking.,
a person is holding their arms up by their face and then throws a punch with their right hand
a person walks forward and back.
a person staggers while walking.
a person walks towards the camera turning right slowly.
a person sits down and leans back.
a person raises their hand up towards their head and then outs it back down
a person walks upstairs and stands.
a person raised hands and slowly walked forward
a person staggers around and then walks forward
someone doing a few kick and then punches
the man dances his feet in circles in front of himself.
the person is chopping onions by holding the onion on the board with his left hand and chopping with his right hand.
a person walks around rubbing something in front of them.
a man is swinging his arms
the person starts by sitting and dials with their right hand then holds the phone with their left and starts by turning in their chair, before standing up walking to the left around the back of the chair then sitting down again.
a person walks, turns around, and walks back
a person pitches an overhand throw.
a person walks diagonal and picks something up then walks back and squats.
figure appears to catch and throw a ball twice then misses the ball and goes to get it.
a person leaps forward then stands straight.
a man is standing with hands on thighs and then raises his arms out to his sides.
a person jogs forward, stops, then jogs backwards
the person moves their hands in a sweeping motion as if sweeping the floor.
the person is acting graceful to pick up a lady.
a person is steering a car.
a person is on all fours on the ground then stands up
a person takes a large diagonal step to the right.
a person with arms up wipes somethings.
a man walks forward slowly with his hands on some kind of railing on each side.
walking forward while waving.
a man runs foward in a straight line.
person repeatedly moves left and right hand towards face.
person moves forward two steps picks something up and goes in a clockwise circle and then holds left hand up
a person jumps and turns around in mid air.
a person walks counter counterclockwise for a circle, then stretches with both arms upwards
a person stomps his left foot.
a person appears to lift something but hurts arm and holds it.
a person is sitting and then with their right hand they move their hand up and down with their palms facing up
a person climbing and then hanging
person steps forward with right leg and then does a high kick with left leg
the person bend down and crawl or walk with his knee forward three steps and turn around walk with his knee one step again and stand up.
person raises both hands into the air and takes two steps forwards, then two steps back, as if dancing, then drops both hands to their side.
a person naturally and casually forward.
a man sprints forwards, stumbles with his arms placed wide, and then takes a seated position whilst looking over his right shoulder.
a person walks, turns around, and walks back
a person turns clockwise and then spins multiple times counterclockwise.
a person slowly jumpropes, occasionally switching between two and one leg.
stick man with no head is standing in straightforward position.
a person walks down a hill and places a box on the ground.
a person standing up uses both of their hands to swing an object with little force.
a person squatting lifting both hands, right and left twice slowly.
a man walks forward with both hands at his side.
a person stretches by holding their hands out and moving their upper body about.
the man raises both arms and then throws something down to his right before stepping back defensively.
a figure appears to smoke a cigarette
the man is doing yoga
a person raises their left hand, with palm upwards, towards their face then back down.
a man like figure walks in an elongated circular motion and then returns to where he started.
a person walking and helping maintain their balance and support,  from holding onto a side rail or wall.
a person puts his right hand to his face.
a figure rubs their forearm anxiously
a man steps up and then walks forwards.
a person looks down at the ground and then takes one jump forward with both feet.
the person walked in and sat down immediately .
the person is going to hit someone with their left hand.
the person throws something upward.
a person is lifting their left arm waving his hand then raising it above his shoulder while swaying back and forth.
the person as well going forward picking something up and taking it back.
a person stumbles backwards then forwards hitting against something.
person walking very slowly towards something
a person walks forward as they raises both arm and sets them back down.
he is running very fast.
the man raises his hands and waves then fast in the air.
a person stands still and raises their arms in basketball signal motions.
a person squats down on their legs while bringing their left hand up to their face.
a person puts their hands to their face and looks from side to side
a person is waving both arms around and then walks around.
person turns around, picks something up, put it to face, turns back forward.
a person lowers his arms, grabs something with his left hand, passes it to his right hand and then raises his arms again.
a person throws something with their left hand while standing still
figure springs side to side and moves forward.
a person walks towards the screen starting at the top right and then across the screen towards the bottom left, making an l.
person went on gground to lie down.
a person moves their left arm at head level back and forth
person walks in half circle from right to left
a person strats jumping and sit on knee
a person kicks something with their right leg.
a person runs in place then walks backward then squats down and walks forward.
a man stands with his right hand touching  the right leg repeatedly and his left hand covering his mouth.
a person walking forward and stumbling for a moment before regaining their composure
a person break dances in circular motion on the floor
a person jumps up and down multiple times.
person moves forward to their right side and picks something up and does a full turn back
a person tapping on a surface
person has their legs spread out and standing then changes position and does the same
a person walks forward at a slow pace and stops, holding position.
a person sat in a seat repeatedly turns a steering wheel quickly.
a person walks forward several steps.
a person takes small steps forward, leans over and does something with their right hand, then steps back.
walking forward and bending down.
a person sliding to the right with left foot, positioning left foot together with right foot, and then raising both left and right hands in the air in the stance of a ballerina.
a person walks forward and makes a right hand turn.
a figure runs in place
someone standing and moving hands
a person does double bicep curls with dumbbells.
a man holds his right arm bent in front of him, with his left arm bend off to one side, and proceeds to dance around, first forward, then left, back, right, and forward again.
a person hurriedly walks over to an object and hits it with his left hand in a somewhat angry manner, then walks back to the start, and repeats the same sequence.
a man rubs his hands together.
a man shuffles his shoulders around right and left while he stands in place..
a person walks in a circular motion
someone is mostly standing in place and then moving their arm up
a person holds out their right hand.
a person slowly walking forward and after changing a traectory a little 180* turn, and kepp walking
walking side to side then stopping.
a person sat down on a chair, leaned back, got up from the chair and took four steps.
in this one a person is stand
a person unsurely walks forward in an crooked, diagonal line.
a person sits, then stands and walks to the side, before going back to sit again
a man takes two steps forward and turns back
he walks firmly back and forth, swinging his hands in sync with his steeps.
a person does squats with their arms raised above their head
a figure raises both its hands to chin level, in a boxing stance. the figure kicks forward with its left leg.
a man is standing still and then puts his arms on his hips and then lowers them.
a person sloppily walks forwards diagonally to the left and then turns around and walks forward on the same path.
a person walks diagonally, turns around and then walks back
a person slowly kicks with their left leg.
someone grabs an object and then appears to clean it
the body walks in a slight bend left to right.
someone spreads their legs slightly and bends their left knee downward three times.
a person bends down to their right side, then takes their right hand and places it on their left arm, and finally bends back down to the right with both hands.
a person slowly throws two objects with their right hand.
a person stands still and flaps their elbows mimicking a chicken, bending over at the waist.
from zero to five seconds: person is standing with arms to side pivots entire body to the right with the left foot  and taking a step with right foot then returns body to beginning position
person lifts both hands to shoulders and waves twice.
a person walks forward while making small adjustments left and right
a person walks towards the left side then turns around then walks towards the left side.
a person tilts his head back as if to drink something and repeats this motion a second time.
a person walk half the circle in the clockwise direction  and then start running from the next half .
a man walks forward before stopping.
a man walks to the left side,takes a sitting pose and then stands up and walks back again.
a person walks in a circle counterclockwise.
a man is walking forward
the person took one step to the left.
a man swings his hips from side to side.
person is standing reaches arms upwards, and then reaches arms and body forward
a man walks forward, then stops.
a person sprints forward and then turns around.
the person is walking in a counter counterclockwise circle.
a person stretches their left arm, which is raised above their head.
a man brings his arms up, crosses them, then returns to his original position
this person holds his arms up as if to dance with a partner.
a person is acting like a monkey.
man walks cautiously with arms out then stops walking.
a person scratches their head with their left hand.
the person is doing basketball signals.
this person walks backward then forward while shuffling his feet.
walking in a straight line
a person bend on the knee
a person stretches their ankles and wrists.
a person throws something with right arm, leaves right arm up.
the person is walking straight backwards.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person begins to walk forward up the stairs
person walks forward and picks something up then walks backwards and puts it down
the person is walking and weaving, then turns partially and stops.
a person walks forward at a regular pace.
a person clas their hands out in front of them, drops them, then repeats.
drunk walking animation turning around
a person walks briskly forwards
a person slowly walked forward
a person in a sitting position. doing nothing just sitting.
someone crouches and crawls and goes around
the person is lifting something with both hands
a person is dancing the waltz.
person is unlocking a safe
a person walks straight backwards, and then comes to a stop.
a figure starts out standing sits down cross-legged and then returns to a standing position.
walking forward and then back.
a man uses his right arm to brace as he sits down on the ground and crosses his legs, then stands back up.
a person uses their watch
person brings left elbow to right knee, then right elbow to left knee, stands straight then bends at the knees a few times.
the person picks an object up off the floor with their left hand
the man is walking forward but then gives someone a low five as he passes them.
a person raises their left arm above their head and stretches to the right.
the person makes a quick side step towards the left
someone standing with both shoulders high and later raises his left hand up and back down.
a person stands, then waves with her left hand, then motions "come here" with her left hand, and then waves with the same hand again.
a man moves his left arm around.
the person is walking backwards and then forwards.
the person bends down to pick up something then walks to pick something else up then stirs something
the person walks around in a circle but stops just before completing the full circle
a person is sitting and stands up.
a person raised the hands up and moved in every direction
a person walks forward carefully, placing one foot in front of the other in a line, almost loses his balance, but recovers and keeps walking.
a person is paying for something
a man excersizes by sitting down and getting up
a persoon grabbed something with both hands
a person dances the salsa.
a lanky person walks forward.
a man leans forward very slightly, then sways as he looks off to his left.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person is stepping to the right.
the person is fluttering his arms and kicking is like in a dance pose.
sitting down on the ground the right hand goes to the middle of the chest to the left side of the head, and then stands up to walk around.
person slightly swings arms and shuffles in the shape of a circle.
a person moves his hand in front of him in a horizontal, clockwise, circular motion.
a person stands in place and looks like they are giggling or laughing and moving both their hands.
a person picks up an item with it's right hand, passes the item to their left hand in front of their body, and sets the item down with their left hand.
a person balances on their right leg while they swing their left leg forward and backward, side to side, and pivot their left hip in and out.
a person clasps his hands in front of him, then swings his clasped hands back and forth.
a person holds up their hands and moves back and forth while looking up
a man walks forward with his hands down stiffly at his sides.
a person walks in a path curving to their left.
a person raises their left hand to their mouth.
a person steps to his left, bends his knees and takes steps forward hunched over.
a man is pretending to be a chicken. constantly pecking at the ground and waving his arms like a chicken.
a person looks around behind right and left.
a person aimlessly paces with their hands on their head
the man is doing parkour
a person walks forward, steps over something with his right leg, and then he continues walking forward.
a person walks forward, slightly bends at the waist, reaches for something to his right with his left hand, and he moves the thing to his left.
a person stands with arms straight out from sides, claps, then lowers arms  by sides.
person is facing forward for 5 seconds and then pushes backwards with the red foot.
a person crossed their arms & motioned as if they were cold.
a person who is lifting right and left arms.
a person holding something in hand and makes a call.
person takes one step backward
a person stands still then they throw a football
the person is standing then then looks like excercising.
walking forward and then back.
a person walks in a zig zag motion then comes to a halt
the figure is jogging forward with purpose.
a person raises both arms, does torso twists and side bends to both sides, then stretches their back, first backwards, then bent over forward.
the figure places an object from right to the left.
a man jumps with both feet three times forward.
the person grabs something and shuts it with their left arm
a person runs quickly in a figure eight to the right.
a person uses their right arm out in front of their body in a clockwise rotating motion
moving hands side to side.
i feel like this animation is skipping or maybe running in a u shaped path with twisting every stop
a red and blue stick figure is standing and mimics the โwalk like and egyptianโ dance.
a person runs forward, turns around and walks back slowly, then bends down and gets back up.
a man walks forward and strokes an object with his left hand.
the person is sparring with someone.
some thing on the hand and like play.
the person lifts his left hand to his head.
he runs over then stops
the person was bent over doing arm stretches.
person is practicing their long jump
the person is walking forward to the left.
a man walks forward sits in a chair then with his right hand.
a man walks three paces forward.
the person just sat down.
a person is standing with slightly bent knees, then raises right arm to the side and holds for 8 seconds
person bends knees then slightly jumps into the air.
a person walks straight forward
a person walks backwards and forwards
a man has his arms flexed, squats, and returns to standing position.
the person is standing still and jumps on the spot once and then does it again
walking forward then placing hand over heart.
the person is walking up a flight of stairs holding onto the railing with their left hand
a person takes something from above, walks away, walks back and puts the item on the ground.
the guy was walking forward like a sexy lady.
a woman shakes out a beach blanket, lightly airs it out with a flick of her writs, then gently bends down floating the blanket perfectly flat.
the person is swinging arms around.
a man is jogging slowly to his right while swinging his arms to gain momentum
the person is doing the side winco dance
a person being pushed to their left
a person is walking upstairs.
a person kicks with their right leg.
pauses then takes a big step to the left.
a person waves in front of their face with their right hand.
person is jogging from left to right and then back to the center
the person is making hand gestures bending its red wrist.
hey bent over person walks backwards primarily to the left behind them
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person walks backward while staring at the floor.
a person takes a step forward, wipes their hand back and forth, then raises it higher.
person moves forward five steps leading with right leg first
a person is dancing and hopping in the air.
a person puts their left hand in front of them into an object and turns counterclockwise around takes a few steps turns around counter counterclockwise takes a few steps and puts their hand back in an object.
the man walks in a forward facing zig zag motion.
person is walking clockwise circle from 3:00 to 6:00
a person walks forward, swings their left leg while turning around and steps forward again.
a person raises their right foot and stomps it on the ground
a person jogs to his left, then right
a person carrying something on their back.
this person walks up a ladder then down a couple of steps.
a person shuffles to the right side then back to the left side.
a person stands in a defensive stance with left arm and leg forward, then uses the left forearm for a block across the body.
a person lifts a horizontal object from their right front side, and places it vertically to their left, then returns it.
person moves left foot infront to side then moves right foot  leading body to stand side on on opposite side of square
sit on the floor and like driving.
person turns around from front to rear and whilst holding his hand and arm stomach level then turns around again and goes to original position
a person performing a dance routine.
a person uses arms to lift an object or weightlift.
person walks forward and to the right
a person does a single jump
a person on the floor, gets up.
a man walks down steps stopping at the bottom
a person starts walking forward, slowly turns around then jogs past where he started and turns around again.
figure stumbles, arms raise, pushes forward to hell with it.
a person crosses their arms to their chest.
a standing person starts with both arms stretched out to the side. then brings both arms down and then raises both arms up in front, shoulder length apart, level with its chin. then lowers both arma together.
man dances like pulling a rope
a person walks slowly forward.
person picks something up, look at it, and sets it back down
a man shifts from foot to foot then reaches upward with his left two times in different directions each time.
a motion used to kick a ball
a person with their hands by their sides jumps twice on their right leg while bending their left knee and then jumps twice on their left leg, they then jump twice on their left leg while bending their right knee.  they repeat this pattern of jumps one more time before stopping.
a man slowly walks forward.
a figure jumps back one space
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes one small step backwards and resumes his original stance.
a standing person takes a small hop forward.
a man stands on the ground and squats with his arms stretched  foward.
the man wave a heavy object around with both hands.
the person took four steps forward.
both of a person's arms fall limply to their sides and then raise to shoulder level.
a person walks counterclockwise in a complete circle and stops.
a person swings a left hook.
person is practicing standing long jump
man waves with his left hand while shifting weight to right foot.
a man shouting out for help with both hands, right and left.
a person walks forward in a near straight line
a person stands in the same spot swaying back and forth moving their hands around
a person is waving their left arm back and forth, while holding something up with their right arm.
a person grabbed something with hands and start to play on it
a person is running on the spot.
a person who uses his right arm to reach his left leg twice
a person walks straight then slightly to the left
a person shoos something away with his arms.
raising arms near face.
man stumbles to his right
the person is doing arm stretches in front of them.
the sim appears to grab an object and hold it with both hands.
a person laying on the floor mimicking the backstroke.
a person walks in a clockwise circle, while holding their right hand & arm up throughout the motion.
the person hunches down and feels around on the ground with their left hand.
perons walking from the left side, stopping occasionally to life up one leg.
person moves right arm in a clockwise circle about waist height
a person runs forward quickly.
a person is jumping rope backwards.
a person walking in a steady pace
a person walks forward and then lowers to crouch position.
a person stands in place and switches from left foot to right foot for a frw seconds and then stops.
a man steps back, then walks forward picking up an object from the ground and afterwards turns around and walks in the opposite direction.
the person staggers backwards, off balance, then steps sideways in an unsure zig-zag. then they turn to their right and are surprised by something, staggering back once more.
someone dances forward and backwards before dancing around in a clockwise direction.
a person moving arms and body in a fashion similar to washing themself.
the left hand goes to the right and the right hand goes upward to the face.
person backed up and is doing a salute
a person leans on something to their right with their right hand and kicks out left leg.
a person raises his hands and claps.
a person steps to the left and raises their right hand above their head.
person is kicking an athletic ball
a person raises his arms, walks slowly forward keeping both feet in line, stops, and then lowers his arms.
figure appears to be moving item from right to left
a person walks forward while swinging their arms merrily
a person flamenco dances with their arms switching in the air.
the person quickly sidesteps to their left.
a person that turns around and runs and skates turns around and then does a cartwheel
the person took a large side step to the left.
a person walking speeds up then jumps and kicks their heels together before walking away.
a person walks forward slowly while keeping his hands at his side.
the person is flailing their arms around
a person runs around in the shape of a d.
the person is bent over like a chicken.
a person runs backwards and then changes direction to run forwards
a person walks forward before bending down to hold his right knee with both hands
a man brings his arms up, crosses them, then returns to his original position
a person slowly walks forward on a slight diagonal line.
a person walking straight with help from a handrail from the left
a figure stands still for awhile, waiting
a person (likely female) is bowing using their arms
a person walks forward, then strafes sideways.
person walks right to left, in zigzag
a person stretches their arm out, curves outwards and returns it to the neutral position
the person stretches their right and left arms above their head.
a person has their guard up during boxing
walking forward slowly in a zig zag.
a person jogging or running forwards
a person walks backwards several steps.
the person walked in an oval circle.
a person jumps in the air while simultaneously turning to the right, and lands facing the person's right.
a person mimicking a bear by a screaming gesture
a person standing straight bends the knees, reaches down with both arms, picks something like a box up and stands back up straight.
a man is standing and brings both hands to his face then steps out with right foot and performs a low kick.
a person who stands with his arms out from his sides throws four punches with his left hand.
person dances with arms out
a person, slightly bent over, takes five steps forward.
someone staggers forwards to the left and put their right arm on an object.
a person runs, then jumps and walks slowly.
a person does the my little teapot dance.
the man picks up a brushes nd brushes someone's hair then puts the brush back down.
the body bent over talking small steps to the right as the left hand moves inside.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person rapidly runs in a diagonal.
standing person raises left leg and both arms, turns slightly to the right, then returns to original standing position.
a person steps forward with left foot, grabs one item with each hand, and makes a sawing motion with left arm
a person rotates in a counterclockwise motion
a person sits down and gets up.
a person turns in a clock-wise direction while standing in the same spot with arms open in front of them.
a person does small movements as if they were imitating cooking. like adding spices to a dish or moving a pan.
the toon is standing, appearing to be holding a steering wheel with both hands before raising their left hand upwards.
a person lunges to their right, then sprints forward and to their left.
a person reaches forwards with their right arm and gestures vaguely.
a man shakes his body while holding his head in his hands, then bends down and ties his shoes.
a person walks down some stairs casually.
a person steps forward to the right and then stops.
a person stands on one foot before stepping forward to bend towards their left foot and attempt to wipe something off of it.
a man runs forward, in a medium speed.
walking side to side.
person start is t, lowers arms to side, and resumes t position
the person walked and then turned left.
a person uses a run up to throw something
a man holds his fingers close together. he brings his left up to his head, as though taking a phone call, then brings his fingers back together and fiddles with them, bobbing his head.
a man walks forward then right.
a person steps to the right and sits down, then stands back up and moves back.
a man walks diagonal down, then turns and walks diagonal up, then turns and walks diagonal half-way and stops.
figure backing up and taking a big swing with his right hand.
a person appears to be engaging in karate, and makes four karake kicks total.
the person stands and swings their right arm around in a backward motion twice, then swings their left arm around in a forward motion 5 times before swinging their left arm around in an backward motion 4 times.
a figure holds both hands in a cupped position up to their waist. they bend slightly ad the kneeds and are slightly hunched forward. their head bobs as they make small lifting gestures with their hands, as if imitating an ape or monkey.
a figure walks confidently forward then raises their hand as if to access a door nob
a person walks back and forth, and every so often ducks down to the side suddenly.
a person walks to the horizontally to the right, then briskly to the left.
person is jumping up and down
the person bends forward with their arms in front of them. they stand back up. they hold an item up in both of their hands and thrust it forward
walking forward while bending down.
a person shifts to the right claps their hands and imitates throws cards out to the side.
a person runs in a clock wise half-circle, before stopping and walking to the center.
a person holds their right hand out in front of them, before dropping it to their side and stepping backwards once.
a person drops something off, waves goodbye, turns around, and walks away.
man stands straight up and using his right hand creates counter counterclockwise circles around his stomach area.
he starts walking forward slowly
a person walks casually forward.
squatting down one time.
a person suddenly jerk steps to the left.
man moves his left hand to cover his groin.
a person waves with their right hand the throws it outward repeatedly, turning to the right as they do.
this person moves both arms up and all around.
a person walks then spins around.
the  person was walking very fast.
a person raises one arm and waves it length-wise behind their back and then in front, then brings both arms perpendicular to the body, fists near shoulders.
an old man walks to his right.
a man takes a few steps forwards, crawls on his hands and knees, then stands up and walks again.
a person slowly walked forward downstairs
subject is holding both arms up in a victorius pose and transitions to post victory pose.
someone takes three steps forward
a person slightly turns to the right and pretends to scoop up something and then turns to the left and lets it go and returns to standing.
running up and down vertically
a person balances on their left leg while kicking their right foot out, then rotates their neck, and finally performs a squat.
a person walks forward several steps.
the person is trying to hit a bug.
a person walks up a slope.
person sits down putting arms on arm rests then stands back up
a person doing jumping jacks , with a short pause in between.
a person walks forward gingerly, then walks to the back of the space and turns around
walking forward in a straight line then back.
a person raises both arms waist-high, grabbing the left forearm with the right hand briefly, then returns to rest.
a person leans to the right.
a man throwing the valley ball diagonally from right to left and then catching back the ball
a person bends over and runs around
a man is holding something in both hands and his right arm starts moving.
a person steps forward and touches left hand to chin inquisitively, suddenly walks to the left, leans over to pick something up, then walks to the right doing a sweeping motion while leaned down.
a person raises and lowers their hands, as if expecting to catch something.
person is walking in a unbalanced manner
the sim is holding an object with both hands, stepping forward then backward twice.
a persons walks on a tight rope.
a person takes a step forward with their left leg, bends down at the waist, and then picks something up from the ground with their left hand.
a person lunges forward and plants their hands on the floor, swinging their legs above them and lands on their feet.
a person slowly walks forward in a diagonal line.
a person sitting with their arms raised moves their arms up and down in a circular motion.
a person glides in circles in a counter-clockwise.
a person who seems to sit
a person is waving their right arm back and forth, while holding something up with their left arm.
a person doing questionable motions with both hands
person walking on uneven terrain by stepping up turning left thestepping down
the man pick something up and hung it on the wall.
a figure walks forward, flinching as it does so, bending over or crouching in the middle of path before hurrying to the end of the walkway.
a headless stick figure with hands takes 4 steps and stops
a person casually walks downward in a straight line, then stops and stands.
a person kicks with right foot.
the person goes for a short jog
the person is trying to dodge someone.
a person moving the left arm to show pain in the left shoulder
a person walks forwards slowly starting with their left foot and making 7 full steps.
a person sits their motion stutters
a person steps down off of something.
a person picks up and answers a phone with their right hand.
a person puts right arm in sweater, then left arm, then buttons sweater.
a person who is stretching
a person stretches their leg by lunging back and forth on it, stretches their arms one at a time by lifting them and bending at the waist in the opposite direction, then finally walks forward.
the person is moving both his hands around
a person turns to the left whilst walking and then stops
a person runs forward, turns around and runs back.
a figure flaps its hands in front of itself, holding its hands like claws, then covering its face as though it's frantic
a persons takes a big golf swing.
a person walks to the right makes a u-turn clockwise and returns to the left of their initial position facing away
a person walks forwards stiffly with both arms out in front of them.
a person crawls forward on his hands and knees and then stands up
a person walks down a steep staircase.
a figure walks forward
a man lowers his arms and turns his neck in a counterclockwise way
someone dusts a picture hanging on the wall with a cloth in their right hand, steadies the picture with their left hand, then finishes dusting it, and finally dusts all the way around the sides of the frame.
a person is warming up with his elbow back and forward
a person lean walks swinging their arms, then raises his hands above his head openly happy.
the person is walking around.
a person does a counterclockwise pirouette on their right leg.
a person trips forward slightly.
person is reaching down for something.
person person is walking and looking down.
a person runs diagonally.
the person is jumping with his hands up.
a person who has their arms up and then puts there arms down and steps back and lunges forward
a person touches something with his left hand.
a person raised the right hand, and moved it right and left direction and after raised both hands
a person slightly bent down walks backwards in a circle.
a person walks in a semi circle and begins to climb
a person is carefully walking with their arms outstretched to balance.
the person jumps to the left.
a person crosses their legs and squats.
a person walks around in a circle.
while sitting takes a object out with right hand raises it to head before putting it away again with right hand
a person walks casually forward, appearing to walk down four steps. their shoulders are neutral. both feed come together at the bottom.
the person walks forward then heads back the opposite direction.
the person was walking so he could sneak up on someone.
a person is standing straight, and suddenly goes backwards as if they were shoved, but does not fall down.
a person waves their left hand at head height.
the person is walking around making turns.
a person standing straight ,moving right hand forward and backward and raising both hand on the side.
a person waves with their left hand above their head, signaling to someone
arms tuck in moving back and forth and then extend out, moving in and out.
a person grabbed something with right hand and put it somewhere
a person quickly steps back and to his left.
the person is on an exercise machine doing arm exercises.
a person is walking clockwise.
a person jumps as they extend their legs and arms in a jumping-jack motion.
a person quickly sprints in a figure-eight pattern, stopping briefly at each side to carefully turn.
the person is holding his hand in front of his face.
a person raises his right arm to drink something.
the person sat down to dust off his shoes.
the figure steps back and lifts its right (our left) arm and steps foward without putting it back down.
a person takes two small hops, then bends their knees and stands up straight.
the person is standing still and then takes a step forward to the right diagonally
a figure walks forward a few steps then walks backward then walks forward again
a person is playing the violin
a person steps forward and ducks twice to the left and then once to right.
person takes four steps forward
a man walks forward and then turns around, walks in the opposite direction and then put his right hand on his left arm.
a person is creeping/ tiptowing.
the person is bent down pulling at something, pulls it up to his right side, wiggles right arm a bit then places it back down.
walking forward turn around and then run back to starting place
waving arms around randomly quickly.
a person pours something with their right hand, puts it down to their side, then reaches for something to their left side with their left hand.
a person grabbed something and made some jesture
a person is playing a saxophone.
a person sits down cross legged and then stands back up.
a person walks towards the left side.
the person does a very quick dance.
a person is smelling their right armpit.
a person hunches with hands forward then shakes his head left to right.
a person jogging in place
person takes step forward with right leg before kicking out with left foot, swinging left arm simultaneously.
a person holds onto a counter or railing as they walk across the room.
this person has both arms extended out to his sides and moves them is small circles.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person walk sidewalk to right direction
an individual is standing still in onenplace wirh borh hands on itโs hips.
a person walks forward to the right, picks something up and walks back and then shakes what is in the hand.
a person takes multiple steps towards the camera with the two final steps appearing be going up a set of stairs.
a person is clapping his hands.
someone is holding something in their left hand and using their right hand to flip or scroll.
stick figure does jumping jacks
a person jumps up twice
person walks forward fast then stops
person holds arms out then put them down then kicks each leg backward one at a time.
the person lifts up his left hand and shakes it.
the man walks while holding onto the rail.
a person lifts his left hand up, then right hand up and waves them about, then put his hands down
a person walks forward, then gets on its left knee then does a hand gesture.
the person was taking a left drive and then to the right.
a person is strolling around
a person runs and sits on something.
a person is walking weirdly in a circle
the person is walking forward.
a person is sitting and then makes a phone call
a person walks down something while holding something with their right hand.
a person jumps to his right.
the person is moving arms.
a person backs up before moving their arms out and pushing something.
a person jumps sideways to their left several times, then several times to the right.
a person attempts to do a handstand.
a person bends over and first pulls on something with their left hand, then pulls it out and sets it down.
person is working on something.
the person is dancing around.
a person performs the yoga positions known as vrikshasana and trikonasana.
the person is doing basketball signals.
a person staggering up, taking labored steps in a forward and upwards direction
a person is walking and then injures their leg
a person is acting like a cat.
a person walking slowly forward
a person turns around then walks forward oddly before turning around again.
the man has his hands in the air, does a flip drops one hand then the other.
a person moves his hands around the air and then puts his hands on his laps.
a man walks forward, to the end of the platform, then turns clockwise on his heel, before walking back to his starting point.
a person has his hands at his sides, then raises his left hand to shoulder height, followed by his right.
the person hit the golf ball in a golf drive.
person swings arms up and down at the joints while bouncing around, as if dancing.
the figure raises both arms up towards the face of the figure at a slant with the left hand being raised slightly above the right.
man stands straight up with his arms to his sides and walks calmly forward and to the right in a half circle then stops facing to the right.
a standing person shuffles to the right as though they were pushed
a person walks forward leisurely
a man jumps with arms loosely at his side.
a person spins 180 degrees while jumping to the left.
a person takes very wide steps while walking forward as if they were avoiding something on the floor.
a man is jogging.
a person slowly walked forward and returned
a person walks straight forward in a leisurely manner
a person slowly walked forward
a man is taking a garden hoe and tilling his ground with it to prepare his garden.
a person opens a door and appears to be swimming.
a person standing up pivots on their right foot, turning in a counter counterclockwise direction. then they raise their right hand to their mouth and put it back down next to their waist. finally they peer in counter counterclockwise direction with their neck in an elongated position.
a person is walking a tightrope trying not to fall.
a person raises their right arm and performs a quick waving motion with their hand in a greet-like manner.
a person walks three steps to his right, then five steps to his left, and finally three steps to his right.
a person runs forward in a straight line.
the person was pushed to the left but did not fall.
a man walks forward and then turns around and walks in the opposite direction.
this person jumps and walks up to the front.
a man pretends to hit a volleyball
a person shuffles to the left, then to the right, then back to the left.
person is using a touch screen
a person who is running takes two strides, stops, resumes running and takes another stride.
a person lifts their right leg and tries to balance while wiggling their leg
a man staggers backwards from a standing posture, swinging his arms, before ending in a standing posture.
the person is doing the salsa dance.
he starts to crawl a lot
a person recovering from a push to the left
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
walks forward a few steps and pauses then continues to walk forward.
person standing then washes window, puts both hands in air.
person is jumping up and down slightly on the spot
person scrapes his right leg back in pain in an anti counterclockwise circle
a person raised the hand and start to make some pushs
a person catching something and then walking away
the man is recovery stepping i think
the person takes one jump back.
a person playing tennis and hitting the ball three times.
the person pull the book from the shelf.
a person raises and lowers their right forearm, like they are lifting a dumbbell.
a person walks forwards quickly.
person does hip rotations then right ankle rotation and then left ankle rotation
a person struggling to push arms forward and upwards, arms shaking.
he sits down on the floor, crossing his legs, then touches his knees and stands back up.
a person lowers arms from being stretched out to either side, and turns around clockwise.
a person jumps and spins in place, then when they land they run forward, stop, and run backwards
a person walks straight, loses their balance and runs to the right, and then straightens out.
a skeleton lifts his red hand toward the sky and then lowers it down to his side.
a person wallked in left direction upstairs and sat somewhere on the roof
a person walks down stairs.
a person raised the both hands and show some jesture
moving hand in a circular pattern.
a person uses their left hand to wipe back and forth
a person dances around eratically.
a man raises his right arm and lowers it repeatedly.
a person acting like a tiger
a person is dancing in a circle counterclockwise
person sweeping floor going almost in circle
a man raises his arms high over his head as he steps forward delicately, then lowers his arms to his sides and stops in a standing position.
a person stands in the same spot swaying back and forth moving their hands around
the person is putting a golf ball
the man rake a few steps and hops then finished walking in a circle.
a person does a defensive shuffle on a diagonal before stopping
a person raises left arm.
a man gets on his knees having both hands in the floor and started crawling.
person crouches down lots of times hovering on knees with arms flapping
moving forward on right  side .
a person is walking at an angle to the left.
a little guy is cold.
a person walks forward, bends at the waist, picks up an object in bother hands and throws ti
walking forwards and backwards in a line.
the person lifts his left hand up.
a man kicks the ground behind him with his right foot, then walks backwards, then jogs before a few steps, then walks backwards again.
a person crosses their arms right over left then the opposite, and raises both arms overhead like they are dancing
throwing something underhand style.
a person places their hands on their chest, elbows back and high, twitching their elbows back and appearing to laugh.
beginning with it's right leg, a stick figure takes wide steps walking from the bottom left to the top right.
a person lifts up their left leg, and makes small hops on their right leg.
person turns around so their back is facing the front. they then walk forward for a moment before sliding to the right.
a person trips forward slightly.
a person is stretching their right leg by swinging it up in front of them.
a man walks and steps over something on the ground.
a person lifts their arm up twice doing a bicep curl
a man standing with bent knees lifts his hands to make a t-pose then puts them back down to rest on his knees.
a person jumps backwards, then jumps to the right, then to the left then back to the right.
a person hops to the right, then to the left, then right, then left again.
raising hand then throwing something.
person was moving some thing in front of him.
the right and left arms extend up above the right shoulder.
a person moves in a square while leaping
this person was exercising their arms first rotating the left and then the right .
a person is jogging in place.
the person is pretending they are an elephant.
a person bends on right knee and then on both knees; stands up on both feet then bends on left knee.
the toon raises their left hand as to take a drink from a cup.
the person takes one large step towards the left
a person walks in an arc
a person walks forward in a steady pace.
moving the hands and work some thing.
a person is waltzing, stops and then starts waltzing again.
a husky individual takes some wide sideways steps forward, swivels on his heel, and takes some steps backward.
a person standing still, waves with its right hand
a person walks on a treadmill slowly.
a person takes cross steps diagonally to the left and returns to original position
a person leaning ove to fix his pant leg with the right hand and then readjusts his pant leg again with the left hand.
an individual is standing still in onenplace wirh borh hands on itโs hips.
a man crouch walks to the right before walking back to the left.
a person hopping on left leg.
a person who is running takes four steps forward and to his right, stops, turns 180 degrees, takes five steps the other way, turns 180 degrees and takes two steps to his right.
person stands with elbows bent and hands tucked in close to the body, then flaps both arms up and down.
the person is walking around in a figure 8.
a person takes six steps forward and stops.
laying down and crawling forward.
a person throws a left over handed punch.
a person walks forward, then squats down deeply with both arms outstretched in front of the body as if picking something up.
a person picks something up, puts it down somewhere else, then starts moving something in front of them.
a person appears to setting things on shelfs in front of them
person raises right arms in waving motion
a person does a swimming motion while standing.
a person sits down, then gets back up and walks slightly forward.
a person reaches across their body to reach and grab for something and then drops it.
the man squats and moves his arms.
moving hands in a circular motion.
a man gets on his knees and crawls to the the left and then to the right.
a man waves, then turns around and repeats.
the person is walking forward.
walking in a circle then stopping.
a person slowly walks forward on a slight diagonal line.
ther person walks forward and leans down to pick something up.
a person puts his left hand forward.
a man walks forward in a circle before stopping.
stretching arms above head.
a person kicks their right leg around in front of them while balancing on their left leg.
facing forward, a man remains still for 4 seconds and then quickly side-steps to the right.
someone is stood with their arms to their side, they lift both arms to their elbows and move them around haphazardly.
a person hastily paces in an ovular shape.
a person runs in place then alternatingly touches their elbows to their knees.
a person is jogging on a treadmill.
a stick figure does punching  moves starting with right arm.
the man walking steadily towards me. he iswinging his arms very steadily. beat outturned and posture straight he is moving quite steadily and vigorously.
the person is doing some strange dance.
moving hands and jumping.
kirsten kicked some thing and then push some thing.
the man picjs something up looks at it them puts it back down.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person takes several steps backward.
a person walk sidewalk to left direction
a person has their hands to their chest and is flapping their elbows with their head bobbing.
a person turns clockwise 180 degrees and wide steps forward.
person took a medium hop forward.
a man brushing his dogs hair with a dog brush, stroking his fur at a downward stroke.
picking something off the ground and walking off
the person picks the change off of the ground then walks back
he walks forward directally upstairs
a person puts their right arm straight out and moves it to the left, in front, and then to the right
a person swings their arm backwards while stepping back
person is doing a hand stand
a person takes a quick step to the right using only their right leg
a person takes a few steps to their left, sits down, and starts pumping their fist like they are cheering someone on.
a man stands still before taking a step back.
a person is walking down the stairs backwards.
a person, showing both hands holding nothing, waves his right hand then pulls something out of his left hand and throws it into the air.
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
a person standing with legs slightly bent, raising both arms out to the side.
a person appears to be walking over obstacles. they walk forward, turn left and step up onto or over something. they then turn left and repeat the same motion. then then turn left again and do the same motion.
person pacing from left to right ending in the middle.
the man starts with his arms crossed and then gestures to both elbows.
a person walks forward and stops
a person holds their hands on their head and then bends down to tie their left shoe.
the person is left in both of his feet up and down.
a person stands on their hands and performs a split.
man waiting and looking at the watch
someone quickly dodges right and left moving their body and shoulders.
he stood still while clapping his hands.
a person rapidly walks straight ahead
a person is standing, before moving into a crawling position, crawling forward & then turning around crawling backward before standing back up.
person is playing a brass instrument
somebody is giving hand gestures.
a person holds something in front of their face.
the person takes a step over the gap
a man is doing jumping jacks.
a standing person holds their left hand out in front of them, palms facing outward, and moves it in swiping motions from side to side and up and down.
a person squats down and pushes up into a big jump several times.
a person swing with the legs and dance
a person walks in a straight forward motion.
person crouches over and picks something up with left hand
a person walks in a circle
a person holds their arms out to their side and lifts their right leg off the floor to balance on their left leg
a person steps their left leg out and back to lean their body in that direaction
this person moves his hands as if to throw a ball.
a person is standing up straight, leans to his left, and then goes back to standing up straight.
a person stretches their arms to both sides and then walks forward.
a person takes a big jump forwards.
a person waling forward and backward and shaking his left hand .
the person walks up a hill
walks forward a few steps then slightly slips with the left foot and keeps walking to turn around again to walk.
a person jumps up, flips backwards and twists in the air, landing on their back.
a person bends over, picks up a small object, and places it in front of them.
a figure does a box step, as though dancing alone
the person is walking in an s shape.
moving hips side to side with arm above head.
a person is walking and then falls to the right but recovers
a person raising their right arm in front of them, at 90 degrees, then putting the arm back to their side.
a person walking down a stage.
this person dribbles with his right hand and shoots.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks to the back.
a person starts in a kneeling postion and gets up.
a person walks in front of them, bends down to touch their toes, then turns counter-clockwise to walk back to where they started.
the person is stretching his arms to side .
this person is standing with legs crossed then steps forward with left foot.
a person looks through binoculars
a person standing and crossing their arms in a hugging motion.
a person stepping to their right side, then back to the left.
someone slowly walks in a diagonal line appearing to tip toe and then walks back to starting location.
a person walks up and picks something off the floor then sets it on a table and walks back to beginning position.
a person runs to his right.
person is walking on uneven ground
a figure crouches and slightly trembles
with legs spread apart squatting, the hands meet at the chest in a brushing off manner then the left hand goes to the right shoulder.
a man walks forward sits in a chair then with his left hand.
a person leans down to the left with his hand, then leans to the right
a person slides to their right.
a person walks forward before bending down to hold his left knee with both hands
a person walks in place.
a man is jogging.
a person raised the hadns and started to hit with arms
the man take 4 excited steps forward.
a person standing leans slightly to their left and starts swatting frustratedly at a fly, finally swatting in one short motion forward.
a figure stretches itself out, starting bent over at the waist and then shimmying up and down before raising arms outstretched
he done a wipe back small circle
person lifts both hands to centre and moves right hand fast against left hand a few times
the person steps forward and bends down and moves their right hand around as if to wipe something.
a person walks forward while slowly swinging their arms
the person had his arms straight out put them down and is reaching for something with his left hand.
the person is walking straight forward.
the man walks forward at a normal pace
a person bends slightly at the shoulders and mimics the movements of picking something up with both arms moving it from their left side to their right side.
a person throws something twice, then kicks at the air twice, then throws twice while moving in a circle
a person laying face down on the ground and then slowly crawling backwards
a well built man calmly walks in a semi-circular fashion to his left.
a person walks forward slowly, turns all the way around counter clockwise and works forward again.
person trots forward and then turns around
person was walking and hit his head.
man walks forwards then waives at the camera, stands there for a few seconds, then turns around and walks back to its original starting point.
a person walking forward in a line.
a person crosses their arms, then uncrosses them.
a person walks jauntily
a person takes one large step forward.
person has arms out before lowering and running quickly on the spot
a determined figure walks forward with arms slightly swaying.
someone hold heads in hands and bend to the right, trying to dodge something.
someone walks backward beginning with the right foot while progressively swinging the right arm back and forth harder and harder with each swing.
a man walks slowly forward with his arms outstretched, shoulder height.
someone walking fast and moving sideways
the person did a tennis match with his left hand.
someone steps to the left and then recovers there original position by steping to the right.
slight asian bow like in movies
a person raised his hand, and leaned it near to face
person appears to be running in straight line then jumps over something and continues running.
slowly wake on the left side.
person does four star jumps legs outwards and arms from hips to above head
a person swings its left arm upwards.
a man slowly walks forward.
the person is holding an object and then throws it with their left hand.
person is picking something up then putting it down.
body stands up from kneeling, the hands go to the face, and then the body goes back to kneeling.
this person stands still and moves his right arm up slightly.
a person starts walking forward and then begins to run.
a man is standing still, moves his left hand towards his face, then brings it back down
the man puts his right hand on top of his head.
person is lifting his right hand in not very wide range with his entire body standing strong on the floor with his legs on the lenghth of the shoulders.
a person walks forward swinging their arms.
a person walks to the left, turns around, then walks to the left.
a man walks in a semicircle anticlockwise, then stops and walks forward, then stops and turns anticlockwise, goes up a step with his right foot first, stops, then comes back down with his left foot first.
a person walks up the stairs and stands still.
the person is jumping up and down with both feet.
the person went to make a shot but faith that and then ran away dribbling the ball.
a person is excersising using arms and legs
the man walks and turns left
the person is hanging froma pole and is swinging back and forth
a person punches up with their left arm
imitates a ballet dance. left hand steps behind right, hands cur under than both lifts poisely.
a person uses their left arm to swing a tennis racket.
a person walks forward with intent
the sim is doing ballet, twirls then into a pose.
person gets down on the floor and crawls across the room. then stands up and walks back.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person moves their arms in front of them.
a person swaying from side to side.
person moves backwards and forwards with their arms out like they have wings.
a person dances the macarena.
both arms are lifted up so the hands meet the shoulders.
a person raises their arms up and down, above their head,
a person holds their hands out in front of them, and makes short, rapid chopping motions with their left hand,
a person thinking in a crouched over position
a person runs moderately in an oval shape
a person wipes with left hand.
a person picks something up, walks across the room, sets it down, and reaches out to pick something up
a person is running backwards.
a person does a golf swing
a person walking fast down stairs.
a figure scratches where its head would be with its right hand.
a person slowly saunters, keeping their balance by repeatedly placing their left hand upon a surface.
a person jumps in front of them.
the man is washing a dog, holding him with his right hand.
someone gets one their knees and moves their hands along the floor as if they are looking for something
a person is waving with both their hands.
a person takes a quick step backwards.
the man leans back, throws something with his right arm, and then steps forwards.
a perosn jumps up 12 times and then stands with feet and arms stretched apart
a person walks diagonally to the left, picks up something and goes back to original position and then returns the item back to where they picked it up from
a person rolls his right ankle while walking
a person walks forward, moving up with each step.
person is doing high knees and rotating arms into the air
at a sideways angle, a person walks foreward then backwards
a man gets on all fours and crawls around and gets back up.
a figure drinks from a cup.
the person throws a long pass with the football
a person bends forward in a bowing motion.
a person with his arms out from his sides crouches, jumps up into the air, lands and stands up straight with his arms out from his sides.
a person walks up and then turns around and walk\s back.
a person stretches their arms to the side and waves them back and forth in front of them.
someone moves to the right and then to the left and back to starting position with arms straight by sides.
both arms raised to the epole, fly
someone is jogging in place
walking forward and getting pain in the right leg
a person walks forward a few steps with their arms swinging loosely at their sides.
a man is standing with his feet shoulder width apart and his hands by his side.  he then bends his knees and jumps forward.  his feet land at the same time.
a man lowers his left arm and then claps with his hands.
a person who has his hands down by his sides steadily takes six steps forward.
a person takes a step diagonally to their left over an object
a person walks side to side going downward.
a person is posing and flexing muscles while standing.
a person walks forward a few steps, breaks into a running jump, lands and continues to walk.
a person taking four hops on his right foot.
a person doing questionable motions with both hands
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle.
the person squats down and then leaps forward.
the person is jogging around.
person puts their hands up to shoulder length with elbows bent then repeats three times
a person walks forwards casually.
a person moving all around moving their body around in many positions.
a man walking in a zig zag motion.
a person holding a fighting pose takes an uppercut swing with his right hand.
the person walks up a ramp.
a person walks slowly down stairs.
the person was taking a sip of coffee from his cup.
the man plays catch and throw a ball.
a man is jumping rope, then starts to jump with one leg.
a person skips from right to left then walks slowly.
a person is sitting with the chin in hand, stands up, and then returns to sitting
a person walks forward with both arms raised high above their head.
the man does 2 karate kicks to the right then 2 kicks to the left.
a person jogging in a diagonal line to the left side.
walking forward slowly in a zig zag.
a person is on his knees and stands up.
left arm flexed from up and down by waist and then left arm raised over head.
a man crosses his arms and then lowers them.
the person is singing iโm a little tea pot.
moving hand around near chest.
a person dribbles a ball with one hand then the other and proceeds to shoot ball into goal with both hands.
a person standing then put both arms out to do arm stretches.
person stands and turns to right, then squats as if waiting to catch a ball.
spinning in a circle.
person stretches arms out and makes arm circles.
a person lifts something on their left and moves it to the right.
a man walks forward and to the right before stopping.
a person slowly jogs to the left to right and the jogs back into place
a figure stands with knees bent, unmoving
person swings right arm as if pitching a ball to the left.
a person squats and then jumps up with arms above their head.
person bends down and crawls along the floor before standing upright
a person is sitting down and moves his right arm around.
a person stumbles awkwardly in a counter counterclockwise cricle then stumbles in a semi circle and walks foreward a few steps.
a person has both his hands together.
a person raises his right arm in front of himself, swings it over to the side, then lowers it.
the body bends forward clumsy and takes a step forward.
a person walks forward and to the side, before stopping.
a person is clapping his hands.
a person walks in forward slowly.
someone walks forward, then turns around clockwise, then jogs straight, then turns around counter-clockwise and jogs at a curve to their left.
the person sits down in the chair then quickly gets up
a figure jogs forward with elbows cocked
a person is playing a horn as they turn from right to left.
a person takes something in front of them and sets it on the ground and repeats.
the person jumps from the straight up position, then as that person keeps jumping his/her arms are swinging from the innercia while performing additional 2 jumps.
a person walks directly across a room.
a person opens something like a bottle, then tilts it to drink from it
the person is standing still posing like a zombie.
the person stands up while holding their left hand above their head.
a person is walking really slowly.
person jumps to side with legs and arms then squats a few times with arms raised
a person air kicks with his left feet and right feet.
a person jogs lightly in place.
a person drastically stumbles around.
a man walks in a quarter circle to the right
robot started running from his right to left.
a person walks eight steps forward beginning with his left foot.
the person cups their left hand to their mouth then lets go of an object
a person hesitantly walks forward.
a man holds his arms out side to side and then interlaces his fingers to give them a good stretch as he bends them backwards.
a person is jogging in place.
a person claps their hands shifting up and down as they do.
the man steps onto ice sledes with his left foot stopping at the bottom.
a person puts their hands on their knee, then gets up and walks towards the right.
a person who seems to be mixing two different substances
a person is pretending to be an elephant
a person stands and then pretends to play a violin on his left shoulder.
a person waves to someone in the distance.
the person takes a big step right with its red leg.
lifting weights over their head
a person jumped on the place
the person is walking in a zig zag .
a person grabbed something and put it down
a person is walking forward
person is bending down and slapping something on the floor
a person squats to almost parallel then jumps to the horizontally to the right.
a man walks from side to side while holding his right forearm with left hand, and then walks back.
a person walks in a clockwise half cresent
from a standing position a person sits down
a person steps out, turns towards his right and starts jumping.
a person walks quickly forward.
a person uses their right arm to lift weights.
standing on one foot while the right foot moves behind the left leg.
a person is standing, claps both hands together, walks a short distance, takes a seat, before appearing to brush their right leg.
a person attempts to balance himself on his right leg and variously flails his arms and left leg around to help him maintain his balance.
person walk diagnally while holding on to something with both hands.
the person does a couple of small kicks with his left leg
a person standing up and manipulating objects in front of them
person is bending down and slapping something on the floor
a person stands with arms hanging before clapping once, dropping her arms for a moment, then clapping for a  few moments before dropping her arms again.
a person frantically waves their left hand around in the air in front of them.
kirsten is smoothing something out with his left hand and then his right hand.
a person bends his right hand to his chest then down.
turning around and sitting in a chair.
a person walks in a circle counter counterclockwise twice.
man walks forwards and turns counter counterclockwise and walks back
a person standing up indicates somthing on his right with his left arm.
person is rocking on their feet from right to left and back again repeatedly.
a man stands with his left arm high above his head, elbow bent and seems to be consistently patting or rubbing his head.
the man is making step over gaps
the person waves with their left hand.
a standing person gently sways back and forth from right foot to left foot.
a person walks and picks something up, then walks back to the starting position and cleans an object.
a person lifts something up with both hands, extends both hands forward, then makes a half circle with their right hand and crosses their arms.
a person runs forward in a  straight diagonal line
the person pick something up and tilted it onto the left.
someone is holding something to their ear
a soldier army crawls across the ground.
a man stands and looks down at his left wrist while twisting it slightly back and forth.
a person walks around and struts their stuff
a person grabbing their left shoulder as if they were hurt
a person backs up before moving their arms out and pushing something.
a person swings both arms, like hitting a golf ball.
he sits, then gets back up to do someyhing.
he is siting on a chair while moving it
a man keeps his hands at his head and then kicks with his right leg.
he is looking around as if he is confused or searching for something.
a person raises their right hand and scratches their head
a person walks forward slowly.
the person is jumping up and down.
man walking in a circle to his left (counterclockwise)
the person is doing arm exercises like a windmill.
this person walks forward then turns and walks back.
the person sat down to dust off his shoes.
person moves forward four steps lifts left hand and waves then steps back one  pivots on left foot and moves forward back
a person takes several steps backwards.
a person steps backwards with their left foot before stepping forwards to the left with their right foot, and swapping the motion repeatedly.
the man walks forward is a imperfect circle while in a hunched position.
a man sidesteps to the left while crossing one foot over the other and then sidesteps to the right.
the person was pushed but didnt fall
a person stands still with both arms raised then lowers arms and waving off with his right arm.
she twists her trunk and thrusts her left arm up to the sky in front of her, then lowers it and returns to a relaxed pose.
figure appears to be waving it's hands for a warning possibly
man kneels down on right knee and appears to be rolling something up
a person steps over something.
the figure looks like he is dribbling a soccer ball.
a person lifts their right hand to their chest and makes circular motions.
person moves left arm in an opening gesture slowly
a man steps forward, then turns to his left as he sits down on something, then brings his left hand up to the side of his head and lowers it.
a man is shuffling his feet slightly while holding up arms and swinging elbows foreward and backward.
a person raises their left palm in front of their face and looks at it, then lowers his hand.
a person is walking across a narrow beam.
the subject appears to cross his legs and kneel to the ground, then proceeds to stand back upright.
a person walks forward on a beam with outstretched arms for balance.
subject walks to the center, side steps and walks backwards briefly.
a person bows very slowly.
the person flaps his arms like a hummingbird
the person takes a step forward and appears to pick an invisible object up and brings it to where the face would be if the figure had one.
the person is jiggling on their toes with her hands up.
a person bends over and stabilizes themself with their right hand and wipes with their left.
appears that someone is acting like a bear or monkey.
person is walking to the other end.
a person walks for side to side.
a person doing robot dance moves
a person walking and then leaning over for something
the person stands still while doing the t pose
the person walked and then turned right.
a person circles their arms around and starts jumping up and down.
a person walks casually forward.
person appears to be holding some thing with both hands and then throws it forward with their right hand.
walking in a zig zag pattern.
said person walked over and sit down
persons raises left hand to left ear then puts hand out in front of them before bringing it to chest level
a man walks in a winding path, making semicircular unclosed loops and keeping his hands low at his sides.
a man walks fowards in a straight line
he mopes everything around him
a person walks forward and then to their right at a normal pace.
person crouches over and picks something up with right hand
starting with its left foot the figure takes 2 steps forward, turns to the left and takes 2 more steps before coming to a stop on the 3rd step on the left foot.
a person walks forward and then backwards and then forward at a slight left angle swinging their left and right arms
the figure walks forward and picks something up with their left hand before turning around and walking forwards.
a person lifts their left arm and their left hand appears to press something in a cross formation from right to left, then top to bottom. then they repeat that action with their right arm and hand.
a person receives an impact on their left shoulder and stumbles backwards.
reaching forward with left hand to shake hands then returning hands to waist
the left hand flings forward to the right side, the right hand meets the left hand, and is drag back left the shoulder.
a person slowly walks forward and stops.
a person standing in place and clapping.
a person stretched left arm up and over to the right, then right arm up and over to the left
person is using a sword
a person is sitting in a chair eating a burger.
a person sits down and crosses its legs, then gets back up.
man lightly jogs straight
a person is cleaning a window
a figure rapidly spins then moves forward to the right
a figure crouches down and sneaks forward, rotates and sneaks backwards while facing forward.
the person is thinking about something.
a person who is running takes three strides forward.
the person is walking around.
person jogs forwards while turning slightly to the right.
the man touches hes head and moves to the right
a man turns slightly to his left, salutes with his left hand, returns to his starting position, then turns to his left and salutes again.
a man looks from side to side then puts his right hand to his face to  yawn before continuing his task.
walking in a circle then stopping.
a person walking forward and lifts something heavy.
a person looks to their right and places their hands on their hips.
the man is moving his left arm
a person raises both his arms and then lowers his right one while still holding the left one. then he raises his right hand again.
a person raises one arm up and points the other towards the floor as they stretch.
a man walks forward while using his left hands for stability.
spinning around then walking forward.
a person with arms in front of them, elbows bent, shifts their weight from one foot to another.
a person standing up raises their left arm to sternum height, then performs circular motions parallel with the ground with their left arm.
a person bends down, the places their right hand on their stomach.
a person sits down and stands back up.
a man walks counter-clockwise, in a circle, takes 7 steps and then sits down just before getting back to where he started.
the person is throwing something.
a man crosses his right leg over his left leg.
the person is walking around the bend to the right.
a person is throwing and catching a ball.
a person takes some slow steps forward.
a figure walks around the square very loosely, arms swaying and knees bent almost the whole stride, and elbows kept bent.
a person lifts their arms over their head and then lowers them.
a person, walked forward in left direction, and after return back, keep slowly walking
a man moves backwards to the right and dodges something, then diagonally and dodges something else.
the person pulled something from the left to the right.
a person leans forward on their right foot and then back.
a man faces the camera before dipping down and jumping straight up, turning clockwise in the air and landing facing the opposite direction.
a man stretches his arms up with his hands touching, then stretches his arms to the sides towards right, shrugs, and then stretches arms up again.
a person walks up and then turns around and walk\s back.
the figure is comfortable with being alive in paid, still needing consumption/progress.
the toon is walking in a zig zag motion, shuffling a bit at the end of the "plane".
person is waiting with his right hand.
a person goes from standing to on their hands and knees and moves forward.
a person is bent over with their arms around a dog.  they bounce around, let the dog stand up and pet it.  they let the dog sit down, look around, and lift the dog up momentarily before putting him back down to their original position.
a man is standing with his arms horizontal to his sides, then takes two steps, and bends with his left hand as if he is petting a dog.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks in in the opposite direction, then walks backwards, and then to the right, then steps backwards to the left.
a person holds something with both hands then throws it with their left hand and then lifts their right foot behind them.
a person sways from side to side.
a man walks towards the left with hands at his side slightly bent, then he turns around to walk in the opposite direction.
a person appears to be washing his hands with soap.
someone steps to the right and then recovers there original position by steping to the left.
a person is in a fighting stance, ducks and then swings out with his left arm.
a person reaches forward with their right hand and then with their left hand.
the person put his left hand up beside his head.
a person skips forward to the right, leading with the right leg. they draw the left arm forward in a rotating motion and the left leg slides forward, throwing an object with a discus-like motion, and then steps back to the starting position.
walking back and forth and swinging arms.
man reach up with right hand threw arm outwardly and drew back.
a person with both feet on the ground with both knees bended moving from one side to another, trying to hide or something
a person stepping to the right, then stepping to the left, and then stepping left back to the middle.
a person moves their right arm at head level back and forth
a person put down something and  slowly walked forward
a man sits down and moves his right hand.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
this person steps forward then sits on a stool to brush off his shoe.
a figure walks forward, swivels in a half turn to the right pushing left hand backward, then walks forward back to starting point.
a person holds their left arm out, level with their shoulder.
person is walking backwards with hands at their sides.
a person flaps both of their arms like a chicken.
person walks forward picks up speed for a second and then slows back to walking speed.
a person walks up stairs, turns around at the top, and walks back down the stairs.
the man take 4 steps in a curve to the right.
a person waves both arms up and around while turning to his right and forward again.
a person does overhand swimming motions to stretch.
a person turns around, and raises their left hand to their head, then turns around again.
a peraon walks forward, bows slightly, and waves with their right hand.the person then turns slightly to the right while continuing to wave and moves foward while waving.
a person is sitting down reaching for his right pocket.
a person shifts down to the ground and crawls forward before getting back up.
person seems to be preparing food
a person is jumping up and down
a person jumps backwards twice, trying to dodge something
a person takes 2 steps forward, turns around to the right and takes 2 steps back
a person does the box step.
a person is attempting to jump rope by hopping from one leg to the other as if running in place, but has to reset every two to three jumps.
a person waves with their left hand.
a person quietly walks forward and then normally walks back.
a person is doing some sort of exercise/dance where they walk forward and raise their arm, before turning around and doing the same.
the man is doing push recovery stand
a person clutches sides and back with backache.
a person kicks with their right foot and then moves back into a fighting stance.
a person spreads their legs, goes into a squat and jumps twice.
a person walks in a clockwise circle and then continues walking backwards.
person walks backwards up the stair case.
the person is boxing with someone.
someone us pumping their left hand in the air.
a person crosses its arm
a person talking on his phone and walking in circles .
a person walked backwards and returned
a person walks forward then stops
someone walks forwards, then takes two steps back, then walks forwards again.
a person jogs in place slowly in a counter counterclockwise circle.
a person twisting their right leg
a person strolls forward towards the right
a person lifts something up with their left arm, perhaps curling a dumbbell but
person moves slowly forward with bent knees and loose arms as if sneaking up on someone.
a person spins in a tight clockwise circle.
a man raises his right arm up to his head, brushes it, and then lowers it to his side.
the person hurt his left leg.
a man squats and stays.
a person walks straight forward at slow pace.
a figure raises its left arm twice in a tiny wave, then swings both arms crossing them.
a man picks up an object on the left side and place it on the right side.
the man is moving both arms awkwardly
a man seated puts his foot on a pedal and his hands around a steering wheel.
a person picks something from his right hand gives it in his left side.
a person is using his left arm to repeatedly lift a dumbbell, bending his arm at the elbow.
someone gets up from the floor, seems to be talking on the phone and starts to walk
a person walking around bouncing a ball.
a person walks with his right hand on his stomach.
the person is bowing over.
the man places his right hand on his mouth
a person is struggling to screw the top off of something.
a person breifly plays an imaginary viola.
person walking slightly to the left in six steps
a person takes a few slow steps forward, starting with the left leg, and ends in a standing position.
person is jumping around back and forth.
a person flaps their arms like a chicken.
the person is doing several arm movements: first, rolling their arms in front of them, then making dribbling basketball motions with both arms, and lastly swiping their left hand in a right to left motion.
a person picks an item up from the ground and tosses it to the side, then picks a second item off the ground and tosses it.
a person runs forwards quickly.
jogging in place while upping the pace to a fast job then takes a couple steps back to a squat position.
standing in a squat, the person moves his arm in a large circle before letting them rest at his sides.
a person steps forward and starts cooking.
a person jogs to his right and then back to his left
a person slowly walks down some stairs.
a person is sitting on the ground, stands up, walks in a complete counterclockwise circle, then sits down again at the starting point.
a person walking carefully and making his steps carefully and sneaking in.
a man strides forward up a few stairs.
a person walks forward in a gingerly manner
a person holding something/ someone in front of them.
person waving their right hand five times
a perosn waves their hands around in the air while they rotate clockwise.
a person makes a spinning motion in a clockwise direction with their right hand
a person who is standing with his arms extended shoulder height from his sides drops his arms, reaches out with his left hand and slides something from right to left, reaches up with his left hand and slides something from top to bottom and then points his left hand forward.
a person leans over to touch the ground with right hand and left arm raised.
a person walks forward and makes a left hand turn.
person is stratching hands around with a motion towards and against.
a man stands on the ground and the walks counterclockwise making a semi sircle and then stops.
a person is walking straight, using their left hand to grab something for support.
a standing person using their right foot firsty walks very slowly followed by their left foot behind them
a person poses in a fancy pose.
a person grabbed something with right and left hand and put it somewhere
a person is balling something up with their hands.
a man repeatedly lifts both arms toward his face at a 90 degree angle.
a person takes a step backwards to the left.
the person is walking forward.
person is walking wobbling forward.
a man holds his arms in front of him and slowly walks forward, turns and then walks back the opposite direction.
a person with his left hand elevated raises his left hand twice in a lifting motion.
a figure appears to climb stairs
a man bends down and reaches his right arm to his left leg, and his left arm to his right leg; man holds up his left arm in the air still as the right arm makes a stirring motion in the air for 5 seconds.
a person holds arms out, appears to dodge something, then stretches right arm forward.
a person standing brings both arms towards their chest by bending both arms in a curling motion.
a person bounces right hand in front of body, then throws something with both arms.
the person is doing a dance move.
person walks forward fast then pivots on the  left leg and returns back
this person swings both arms around and back to front.
a person jumps sideways to their left
a person bends over to pick something up with their right hand two times. then they turn around anti-clockwise to walk away.
the man does a wavelike dance using his arms and slightly sways.
a person walks towards the rightside.
a man slowly walks to the opposite end of the room.
a person tosses and catches a football.
a person doing cartwheel forward.
man briskly walking on the treadmill, trying to reach the calorie burning goal indicated on screen, after a big lunch with childhood friends.
moving arms up and down near chest.
a person picks up a small object to their left, and then walks forwards.
a man walks forward and then turns around before stopping.
a person walks forward a few steps, then smoothly turns on their left foot to walk the other way.
a person checking for the time on his watch.
a person slowly walked downstairs
a person lifts a large object up at waist height from their right and places it back down to their left.
the man does a short step
a person swings their arm as if they are hitting a tennis ball.
a person lifts their right hand up in front of them, then leans their weight on their right leg while putting their hand back down.
gesturing with right hand to come here, then waving
a stick figure walks forward, continues walking counter clockwise, it then stands still, sticks it's arms straight out and spins his upper body and arms in a clockwise motion.
a person is side stepping
a person throwing and catching something with their left hand.
person is standing with shoulders slumped and looking lazy
the sim is standing in place doing jumping jacks.
a person grabs something from his left side, turns around and puts it on his right side
he takes a few steps forward, then he skips 4 or 5 times.
person has their arms spread out to show domination
a person walking in a strange pattern around the room
a person dances the macarena.
the man walks in a clockwise circle.
a person turns to their right while leaping forward.
he stays on one place and doesnt move
a person takes one step then pivots to their left and continues pacing, then pivots to the left once more and returns to roughly the same point where they began.
person swings arms from side to side and then shakes them up and down as if acting like a monkey
someone kicks with a left foot
person is walking in a unbalanced manner
a person walks forward while shifting from right to left and turns around in the end.
person repeatedly moves right and left hand towards face.
moving arms to the left and right.
a person stands for a moment, then walks quickly forward, turns, and walks the other way.
a person folding their arms
a person catches something and then throws it back with their right hand.
robot start doing exercise by stretching his legs and uplifting arms.
a person in a sitting position with his hands forward adjusts a steering wheel left and right.
a person smacks the air with their left hand, and then throws both arms down in frustration.
the person is doing light hopping up and down.
a person paces back and forth, anxiously.
a person slowly walks forward
the figure walks forward and picks something up with their right hand before turning around and walking forwards.
a man crawls around on the ground.
a person walks forward slowly.
the person was kneeling and got up using his right hand.
he pretends to be a dragon
a person walking towards an edge and then stopping to examine.
something or someone pushed him from behind and he walked forward.
person walks with both arms straight forward
person does a small hop in place and then takes two quick steps forward
a person opens their hands out, then proceeds to pick something from the ground with both their hands and gives the object to someone
a person is standing with right and left hands in the air where head is located and it running them back and forth like they are running fingers through hair.
a person is clapping their hands above their head, lowers their arms and extends them out to the sides, then brings both hands toward their stomach.
the person backed up to pose.
a peraon walks forward, bows slightly, and waves with their left hand.the person then turns slightly to the left while continuing to wave and moves foward while waving.
a person is sitting and then with their left hand they move their hand up and down with their palms facing up
man waves with left arm
a person throws something with their right hand hard
a person squatting from top to bottom.
a man stands straight up with his arms to his sides, then begins the evenly walk forwards and to the right then stops facing the right.
person is standing up and kicking.
a person shakes loose their arms, then legs and completes with a squat.
a person walks forward but sways to the right and left as if maintaning their balance.
person seems to be acting like an airplane
a person walks back and forth from right to left, then stops in the middle.
a person waves with their right arm.
a person marches forward, turns around and begins to march forward again.
the body runs forward fast.
someone rests their hands on their hips, and leans forward to stretch while spinning something on their hands.
the man flaps his arme like a bird, pretends to soar then flaps some more.
a person takes several steps forward with a slight limp, turns around, and lightly jogs back to their beginning position.
a person begins to start walking forward and then stops after about 3 steps.
a person walks forward over a stool and turns to walk around to the right.
a person slowly lowers his arms, claps then walks forward to sit on a chair with his arms behind his head.
a person stands erect with his legs wide open and takes two steps to the right and four steps to the left, then two steps to the right.
the person is itching and scratching all over.
a person runs to the right in a semi circle, stops, turns around, and runs back in a semi cirlce.
a person raises their arms then shift their body from left to right before bending down and repeating.
someone is holding something in their right hand and using their left hand to flip or scroll.
the stick figure is working out by squating.
a person is jogging in place.
a person has their knees slightly bent, and has their elbows bent with their hands up towards their chest
the person is using both of his hands to pick up and move an object
a person throws and object and then catches another object
a person walks in a straight line, turns around, hunches over, and walks the same direction back.
a man walks forward, turns around, walks diagonally, then turns around and crouches.
the figure takes a step backward with hands braced to boost the figure up into the seat that they move themselves up into the seat stepping with their left foot up and hands guiding behind them before sitting down and then getting back up.
a person walking down a slope.
a person walks to the left quickly.
person got down to crawl on their hands and knees
watching the time on the watch.
a figure scratches where its head would be with its left hand.
a man sidesteps left a couple of paces, sidesteps right past where he started by about double the distance, then sidesteps to his original position.
a person walks straight forward
a person turns to their left and reaches above him with his right hand as if to grab something.
a person is walking backwards slowly.
a person walks forward then stops
a man kicking his left leg in the air behind him leaning forward then dropping back down to the floor, then kicking the right leg up in the air behind him, leaning forward and letting it back down to the floor.
person stretches arms out and makes arm circles.
a man moves an object back and forth with his right hand.
a man skips from left to right repeatedly while making a tringular pattern.
a person is getting pushed from behind.
a person walks forward but slowly curves towards the left as they are walking and then stops.
the person is holding their head while walking.
a person carefully walks backwards, placing his feet in very specific spots
a man bends at his waist, sits down in a chair and then gets back up again.
a person dances by throwing their hands in the air.
a person feeling around , as if they are unable to see.
person moves forward and kicks something with left foot
person goes forward bangs into something whilst putting left hand out to head
a person is jogging on the spots, then runs to the right, then the left, then right, then stands still in his original position
someone is walking casually forward.
a man with his right arm raised walk counterclockwise.
the person is walking back and forth.
doing exercizes with jumping jacks
he goes downstairs forward directally
a person walks backward in a counter-clockwise circle.
robot on his keens, stretching his arms then stands up and move backwards.
a person walks with his left hand in the air.
a person is facing forward without moving.
a person is swinging a bat to hit the ball.
sitting down with hands near face.
a person throws their left hand up
a man walks to the opposite end of the room.
a person swings its arms as they jump up and down once.
a person with their arms extended up and out bring them back towards their bodies and lean back to the left.
person is throwing something.
moving arms side to side slowly.
a man throwing the valley ball diagonally from left to right and then catching back the ball
a person taking side steps and making a circle.
a person raises their arms up.
a figure spins rapidly with arms outstretched then adjusts sleeves
a person walks forward, and then stops.
a person kneels down on their knees.
the person rotates their hands together, then puts them down and rotates them again and finally moves thier right hand back and forth.
a person shaked the hand and moved a little bit
a person steps backwards, sits, then stands and steps forward.
person is a rolling his arms.
a man squats extraordinarily low then bolts up in an unsatisfactory jump.
a person appears to be walking a tightrope starting by placing their left foot ahead of their right with arms outstretched at the sides to maintain balance.
a person sits down and gets up.
this person is cleaning a table.
a man in running in place before stopping.
walking to the side then sitting down.
person is walking very slowly.
this person walks forward and wipes a surface.
a person holds on to the handlebars while riding a motorcycle
the person is holding onto the table and a handrail balancing.
stands still then walks forward
a man walks forward for a short time, turns slightly to the left to meet back at his starting point then continues forward for a short time and turns right heading back to starting point to create a figure 8.
a man puts hinds hands up goes forward abit puts his hands on the ground lifts them up from it and kneels
a man stands with his right arm high above his head, elbow bent and seems to be consistently patting or rubbing his head.
a man steps back and kneels down
a person walks around, sits down.
the man takes wide steps forward.
a person gathering force to throw something.
a person takes one step forward to the right then proceed one step backwards to the left
the man is walking and then starts running diagonally.
person walks forward with arms up and out for balance.
a man walks backwards to get on his hands and knees, crawls forward, gets up, then walks backwards.
a person is walkin whilst crouched and kicks
a person jogs to the right, then to the left, then back to the right.
person bends at the left arm a couple times towards head
the person is walking lifting their legs up in a wiggly  line.
a person runs and then jumps
the man first steps back with his right foot, than follows his left. the man begins to sit facing his left side. he sits for four seconds than gets back up, with his left foot leading.
a person walks forward then upwards.
a person stands on their right leg while circling their left leg.
a person walks with one foot in front of the other; left foot first, uses their hands to keep balance.
the person is doing jumping jacks
a person walks with one foot in front of the other trying to keep balance.
a person with a right red side and left blue side holds hands
person has one hand above head and one below keeps still
robot on his keens, stretching his arms then stands up and move backwards.
a person is doing warm up stretches
a person grabbed the leg and did something
the person starts lifting their arm up
person is walking forward slowly 10 steps
a person hops up an down with their arms over their head.
person is walking slowly and cautiously holding onto their sides
a person is doing jumping jacks.
person is kicking a ball.
a person stays in the same spot and slowly lowers their arms in a casual way
a person in a fighting stance does a roundhouse kick with their right leg.
the person is running at a normal speed.
a person paces from left to right, and then back to where they began
a person sits and makes small random rotary motions with both hands.
a person bends down to pick something up, splashes his face then walks to the left diagonally.
a person holds his arms horizontally, shoulder-high, lowers them to his thighs, picks up something off a table with his left hand, and puts it down on the table with his right hand,
the person is walking forward.
a person quickly scrambles around, moving its arms as it goes
a person turns to his left with his left arm raised above his head.
a man walks four steps forward and then stops.
a person standing straight starts walking backwards and turns.
the man is walking at a quick pace with his hands and feet swinging and appears to be in a hurry.
a person who is standing with his arms down by his sides raises his hands shoulder high, looks slightly to the left, turns his body to the right and drops his hands to his sides and faces forward.
a person appears to be swimming.
a person walks forward and stumbles a bit
a person washes their arm and head.
person crouches down and walks in a circle to start at the same spot starting from.
the person jogs up the stairs
a person is doing acting like a little teapot.
a person jogs forward and up a set of stairs.
a man jabs the air repeatedly with his left hand.
a person dancing in certain rotating motion, then raising his or her hand up
a person walks forward with their arms at their sides while slightly going right.
person is standing up while praying
a man brings arms and hands together, sways right to left, brings his left arm down and then back up again.
the man sits on the floor, crosses his legs then stands up.
a man claps his hands 5 times.
person walks back to sit down and pick up the landline to their ear then puts it down and gets up again
a person walks in a curve to their right.
the person is walking forward.
a person steps to the right, slides their left foot, and waves with their right hand.
a person walks forward  and down toward something.
a man is standing and crosses both feet then proceeds to sit into a criss cross position on the ground and uses the same method to stand back up using his right hand to balance.
the person is lifting weights warming up his pects
person walks using short choppy steps
a man sitting on the ground straightens his legs out in front of him, puts his hands together, then brings his legs back in and stands up.
a person runs forward at a medium pace.
a person is playing golf
the person was waving bye with his right arm.
person person is jumping straight up.
a person does jumping jacks bringing their arms up above their head and their legs out and then moving back to a standing position.
a person walks forward with their arms at their sides while slightly going left.
a person steps onto a narrow walkway, unsteadily moves across, and then back down to the ground.
person moves forward six steps then stops
a person sits down and stands back up.
a man balances on his left foot whilst extending his right leg across and away from his body.
a man kicks with his left leg- first up, then to the left, then backwards.
a person walks forward while waving its right arm in the air.
a man steps forward with his right leg, bends down, walks backwards, moves forward, crosses right leg over left leg.
the person is walking from right to left.
a person walks confidently forward
a person takes a step forward, wipes their hand back and forth, then raises it higher.
a person walks backwards and reaches a staircase, and continues walking backwards up it.
a person walking forward in a straight line.
a person walking and doing a quarter of a circle to the right side.
a man starting off in a running pose runs forward, landing on his left foot.
the person look like he was putting out a cigarette butt with his right foot.
a person walking forward and lifts something heavy.
a figure climbs down into water and then swims
a person steps left to right steadily, while gesturing towards something on the left hand side with their right arm.
a man walks forward, stumbles, leans his right arm on a table, then walks backwards away from the table.
bending down then up.
a person is jogging and then stops suddenly
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle while talking.
a man seems to be walking forward and has a wide gait.
had something in its hand, goes to put in in its other one.
he makes a karate type low kick with his right foot.
a man is doing jumping jacks by hopping while moving his arms up and down in rythm with the hops
the man is doing one leg kano
the person move his arm to the right hand side up then left and right.
person is standing drinking something.
a person slowly walks like a mummy in an elongated s shape, with straight legs and arms outstretched.
a person is drinking from a bottle with their right hand.
a person leans quickly backward from something
a person walks forward while being assisted by hand rails.
the person is walking like they are exhausted.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person does a high kick and then jumps into the air.
the person is putting his arms up in the air.
a person walks to their left, turns and walks to the right, and then makes a final turn to walk back.
a person sits down cross legged and then stands up.
the man stands with his arms outstretched and bends his elbow slightly in and out.
a man walks slowly forward with his arms outstretched, shoulder height.
a man starts off like he is holding a baby i his arms and rocking them. he then puts his arms out as if to say what and then pumps his fist on his chest where his heart is. after that he looks like he is shooting a bow and arrow. he then does the what thing again and then the fist on the chest once more. after that he puts his left hand up to his mouth like he is going to drink something.
a person bends forward and ties their left shoe.
a person walks while using a hand rail
a person walks in place.
a person walks low to the ground in a counterclockwise circle.
a person starts lightly jogging, then stops.
the person happily walks forward and then turns around
a person lifting their left arm up
a person jumps straight up with both arms down.
the person brings their hands up in front of them as if opening something, and then ends in a t-pose.
tip toeing carefully, one foot at a time. looks to be balancing
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
this person walks backward then forward while shuffling his feet.
raising hand above head.
move object from left to right with hands
he folds both legs doing a gesture
man walks in a counterclockwise direction in a circle.
a person is walking around and falling over slightly
stick figure walks right and stops
a person takes a big step to the right and then crossing his feet and continues walking to the right
a person lifts both hands in front of their face then lowers them back to their sides.
a person steps to the left and sits down.
moving hands toward face and shaking body.
a person walks forward and to the right in a quarter circle
a person reaches their head with their left hand and scratches their scalp.
the sim appears to be using their left hand to wipe or wash a window.
the person was placing some thing in front of him.
person is shimming their hips and shoulders side to side. their neck movement also shows their head looking side to side.
a person raises both hands and places them in front of themselves
a person holds their hands on their head and then bends down to tie their right shoe.
the person walks forward straight and backwards diagonally
a person acts like they are walking up stairs.
the person is walking upstairs.
a man walks forward in a parabol motion,
a person raises their right arm then lowers it.
first and man stands and then he walks backwards towards his right while gesturing towards his left with his left hand.
a figure does sloppy cartwheels
a person takes a small step forward
a man stands still for a few seconds, then leans slightly to his left, before returning to the original position.
the man lowers his arms and looks around in a circle motion.
a person is disco dancing.
a person walks straight backwards, and then comes to a stop.
a person spreads out his arms.
person is adjusting something on their head
a person does jumping jacks
a person grasps something with both hands at the chest. then motions forward with one hand. they bring hands back down then again to the chest
a man walks forward then turns around and sits, then gets up and walks back.
a figure waves with their right hand at someone who appears to be leaving or in the distance
a person stands still and then takes one large step back with their left foot.
the person takes a few steps forward kicks something with their right foot.
man reaches down to the left as to pick up item and then reaches to the right as if emptying item then replaces it to the left.
a person jumps sideways directly to their right.
a person seems to be playing the guitar
a person bends down at the waist and picks up something from the floor with both hands and places the object to the left side, then turns to the right side and grabs something waist high with both hands.
a person stands still and gives basketball signals.
a man touches the top of his head with his right hand, extends it high, then bends his arm again to pat and rub his head, before extending and then bending it again.
jumping and then kicking foot.
the person is walking around and then trips over something
pushed to side then walking back.
a person giving a round of applause
a person scrubs their chest arms and head with both arms.
a person casually walks forward.
a person takes a few steps forward then begins climbing some stairs.
a person bows to ready then gets in a martial arts ready stance.
a person hops up an down with their arms over their head.
the person stands on the ground moving both their arms in a frontwards circular motion and then proceeded to move both their arms in a backwards circular motion.
the man takes a step and picks up 3 things takes a few more steps and places one thing on the table then turns around to head back.
a person reaches above their head with their left hand, and curls their right arm at their side, and then switches between their right and left arm positions.
a person does a cartwheel, then another back in the direction they came, then takes a few steps.
a person lunges forward thrusting their left hand out at the same time
the person is walking forward from being pushed.
a man has his arms bent in front of his chest and moves them, before bringing them both up to his head and wriggling them, continuing to keep his hands high as he turns his torso to his right, then back.
the person was facing forward and put his hands together.
a person walks backward in a straight path.
a person stands and then leans to the right.
person is adjusting something on their head
a person while standing in the same position swings his arms back and forth.
a person leans forward on their left foot and then back.
person claps once before walking slightly to their right then sitting down and stretches their back by placing their hands behind their head.
man walks to the left and puts hand on right shoulder, then walks to the right and puts hand on left shoulder.
a person is walking forward.
the man sits then moves forward
person seems to be driving
a person runs straight forward.
a man steps backward slowly with arms curved at his sides.
a person turns to the side and waves
he stepped in a big gap
the person is tiptoeing so no one hears him.
a person throws something underhanded with their left hand
the person is jogging and running in place.
a person walks at a diagonal, downwards and to the left.
a person stretches each leg then touches their head.
the man in a fighting stance turns around to the right.
shuffle step right then side stepping back left
a person walks forward using a handrail to guide them
a person grabbed something with right and left hand and put it somewhere
robot started waving his left hand.
a person slowly walked forward
person puts their hands up to their mouth area like they're shouting
a person runs towards the right side.
a person limps forward while holding his side.
the person is dancing the cha cha .
person is doing hand circles with arms out
a person shifts around in place like a zombie, raising their arms up and down.
person walks forward and picks something up with both hands
a person makes a casting motion over their right shoulder and then reels in.
a person walks forward then quickly turns around to walk back.
a person slowly walked forward and jumped
a person walked forward in left direction adn jumped
a figure crouches and slightly trembles
a man walks slowly in a circle, slightly bent with his arms out in front of him.
a person is sitting on the ground, stands up, walks in a complete clockwise circle, then sits down again at the starting point.
the man walks forward is a imperfect circle while in a hunched position.
walks forwards, steps body to the side, and then waves. looks approachable and is speaking to a crowd
a person walks forward rather slowly.
person is walking up on a stair.
a person dances and turns around.
someone is squatting with both hands on their knees.
a person raised the hands,and start to warm up them
a person walks clock wise in a partial circle
person brings arms down, claps, walks forward and then sits down
a person crosses their arms over their chest and squats down twice.
character is moving back and forth using their right arm to swing about as if to play ping pong or table tennis.
a person walks forward, then takes a large step counterclockwise
the person moves their arms to their right and then moves them to their left.
the man is moving arms and legs
a man having a drink after a run.
this person with knees bent moves his right arm forward as if to catch something.
a person is standing still with both arms raised to their sides laterally at shoulder level.
a man moves his left hand in front of him in a circular motion.
a figure waves with its right arm near shoulder height. the figure gestures slightly with both arms, seemingly hesitant.
a person leans forward with hands clasped then winds back to throw something.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person is stepping to the left.
takes a step forward then walks backwards to the left and to the right side.
the man runs backwards then stops.
the guy is jogging down the street.
a person swings their arms in front of their chest and then back by their side 3 times.
the person lifts his left hand to his face.
the man walked in small circles pacing frantically.
a man walks forward places his hand on a stair rail then walks up the stairs.
the person is talking about taking a vacation.
a man jumps forward using both feet. he lands on both feet.
the person walk two steps and turn around and back two steps then stop.
man sits down and cross-legged fashion and then stands up again.
a person takes several large steps forward.
a person walks towards the right making a wide 's' shape.
a person spins in a circle, bends down, picks something up, then walks forward
someone brings their hands to their chest and moves their elbows up and down, then shakes their waist while slowly bending their knees, then claps four times, then does it again.
a person takes four steps, the third being a longer stride than the others.
moving arms near face while standing.
a person uses the left arm to demonstrate throwing an object in front of them
a person spins their left arm then right arm around in a circle, repeating the motion a second time for their right arm in the opposite direction.
a person makes a toast, then raises a glass to take a drink and wipes his lips with a napkin.
a person picks and item up and then lets it go.
the man does a crazy break dancing routine
a person jumps up and down.
a person slowly walked forward and return
hands come together and pull back to the left side of the body then the left hand is thrown hard forward.
a person is disco dancing.
a person is walking while using a hand rail.
a man takes an object and lifts it to his head with his left hand.
a man raises his right hand to his head and then lowers it 3 times.
this person jumps up and down on his right leg.
he is waving with his left hand
a person has arms outstretched to the the side and moves hands up and down and slightly forward and back, to stretch.
a person raises his right hand up to chest level in front of them, while keeping their other hand slightly lower in front of them.
a person is walking forward and comes to a stop.
a man lifts his right leg and does several kicks.
a person holding a microphone speaks and waves to a crowd.
a person is doing a hand dance, similar to a tik tok renegade.
a person step forward with left foot then places left then right hand on the ground and does a cartwheel.
person stands forward with both hands on hips then raises both arms shoulder height
a person is walking forward while limping on the left leg.
a person stayed on the place and after raised right hand
a person directing someone  with their hands.
a person stands from sitting position.
a person swings at something with both hands as if they are playing volley ball.
person purposefully walking briskly forward then making a right turn.
someone is walking diagonally back and forth before stopping and facing to the left.
a person standing with legs apart, swats, bending at the knees and holding arms forward.
a man picks something with his right hand and then makes circular motions with the same hand .
a person swing both arms in various ways
a person is bent head over toes jumping and throwing arms wildly.
the man is walking at a quick pace with his hands and feet swinging and appears to be in a hurry.
a person is walking forward whilst limping with his right leg, turns around anticlockwise, then sprints back to his starting position, stops and turns around clockwise
a person jogs in place.
raising hands in the air.
man dances like pulling a rope
a person gestures with their hands while making small foot movements, appearing to be dancing.
a person is walking in an erratic pattern.
a person reaches up to the right, then out to their side on the right, and then down below their hip on the right.
he kneels down with stool
person is applauding someone with happiness.
the person is twist dancing and walking.
a person falls backward, resting their back against an object and then stretches their legs out.
a person kicks something with his left foot then stands with legs far apart.
getting up from kneeling position with help of left hand at a normal pace.
a person clawing around like a cat.
a person stepping to the left, then stepping to the right, and then stepping right back to the middle.
a person with their forearms upright, rasies their arms 3 times.
a person who seems to be warming up their left leg
sit on the floor and like driving.
man stands with hands directed to both sides, he puts his left hand on the knee, then straightens it again
the person is drying his right arm.
a person walks forward as their left hand guides them
the man is doing floss dance
a person takes a deliberately large step, to step over something.
a person is side stepping both ways
a person puts his hands on his thighs then stretches his arms out so they are parallel to the floor.
a person takes a couple steps forward with good posture and then stops
a person does throwing motion with left arm and then brings both hands over left shoulder with both elbows pointed outwards
a person is using objects/furniture to help them walk in a straight line
a man vomiting bending down and then running and protecting using both hands and then vomiting again
a standing figure aggressively overhand swings their right arm from behind them towards the front of them.
a person puts both hands on their face as if they are crying.
the person lifts his right hand to his chest and holds it there for a moment.
a person punches forward twice with their left hand, punches to the left, and then completes the same process with their right hand.
a figure jogs down stairs
a person takes a quick, long step to the left hand side leading with right leg and stands still.
person walks forward, pauses with left arm slightly bent, then continues walking.
a person slowly walked forward after in left direction
a person stands still with his arms as his side, and he rotates his head around while keeping his body motionless.
waving hand to someone known for 3 seconds
a person looking forward and then to the right and back again
someone throwing or sporting also moving
a person standing in place holds a ball with both hands, then throws the ball with left hand and catches the ball with both hands, then throws the ball and catches the ball again.
a person lifts their arm up twice doing a bicep curl
the person brushes themselves off, walks to the right and t-poses.
a person walks forward very slowly.
a person side stepping to their left, then side stepping to their right, and back again.
the person drinks from the bottle with his left hand
a man punches both of his arms.
a person makes a circular rubbing motion with their left hand.
a person bends over to begin charging forward, turns around with arms raised, and charges back to original position.
a man side steps to the left and the walks forward beofre turning around and walking back.
a person standing, resting their body weight on their right leg, raises their left arm up, bent at the elbow, in the motion to check their watch for the time.
a figure raises its arms above its head and then does a forward roll
a figure crosses its ankles before squatting down and checking thr ground and then standing back up
person walks from top left towards bottom right, backtracks, walks forward to top right, and backtracks again.
the person is jumping with their hands up.
figure moves in climb postion to the right turns over and down.
a person is holding something down with their left hand and repeatedly chops down on it with their right hand.
a figure slowly walks backward.
a woman is sauntering across the screen
a person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls forward on all fours, then they turn around and crawl back again, then stand back up.
with his left foot behind him, a person bends his left leg at the knee and moves his body in that direction as if warming up for a sporting event.
a person squats and quickly moves forward diagonally
the person put his arms up in his shoulder level bend and stretch to the back and front three times and stop.
a man walks forwards for a few seconds.
body stands up from kneeling, the hands go to the face, and then the body goes back to kneeling.
a person is clapping his hands in front of his chest.
a person pours with left hand.
a person lunges forwards on their right leg, stands, and lunges on their left leg.
a person is holding and come forward and  throwing object forword.
a man walks forward full length and then goes into a amateur salsa dance routine walking backwards half-length; finishing with a 360 degree rotation
a person is walking forward while swinging their arms
a person picks something up with their left hand, pours it out, and sets it back down.
a person sits down with both hands on their knees.
a person walks back and forth, extending out their left and right arm before turning around to repeat.
standing person walks confidently forward 3 steps, raises right arm to waist height, turns around and returns to original position, raises right arm above their head, then turns around and takes 3 steps forward again.
the man walks to the right
the person is walking around the bend to the left.
a man walks up a round curve a stairs.
a person makes small jumps while standing in place.
a man runs quickly forward.
person loses balance and regains it quickly
a person raises their arms to stretch their back and waste, then they stretch their arms forwards.
the sim appears to be using their right hand to wipe or wash a window.
a person walks forward  to bow then place hands on shoulders of other person and bows again.
a man bends down to crawl on his knees.
a person is jogging forward at a steady pace.
a man moves his upper body and then his lower body.
a person raised the hands and start jumps
a person walks forward several steps.
a person waves with their right hand, then waves with their left.
twisting leg and stretching.
a person gingerly walks forward.
the person walks forward and turns around.
a person hops around while swatting at something with both hands.
a person grabs his forearm muscle then lets it go.
a man lowers his hands to his sides and ten raises his arm to the front.
man running back and forth with hand tuck for jogging.
it look like the person is trying to stop someone or people around them
person makes a grand gesture with arms moving from standing to sitting position.
a person walks in a figure eight pattern.
a figure stretches itself out, starting bent over at the waist and then shimmying up and down before raising arms outstretched
person crosses right arm over left while standing.
figure gets on knees crawls forward turns around and crawls back
a man appears to be rubbing something off
a person shifts their midsection in a circular motion.
a person moves his left hand near mouth, and then moves hand lower.
the person is jogging in place.
a person talks on the phone using their right hand while driving.
a person picks up an object with both hands and lifts it to the right and then returns it.
a person picks up something with his left hand, then raises it slightly several times.
a person steps forward with their right foot, pivoting to their left and thrusting their left foot out in a kicking motion behind them, then returns to a fighting stance.
a person is bent over and is moving his right hand like he is washing something
a person steps forward briskly, then makes robotic movements with both arms.
move the both the hand and after hold the legs.
a person stretches their arms straight up while hopping slowly.
person is dancing moving arms in a circle while alternating kicking feet. then while circling the arms the step to the right a few times. they jump to the right and then kick the left leg behind them, jump to the left and kick the right leg behind them
a person uses its hands to make fast movements at chest height and turns right and left.
a person performs a squatting motion and lifts arms horizontally
a person reaches with his right hand to pick up something on his left, turns to his right and uses his right hand in a polishing motion, then returns the item where he got it.
a person hops up and allows their arms to swing gently.
the person is walking forward and turning right.
a person rotates their shoulders forward in a circular motion while they bring their hands up to their sides.
a person walks on a beam with arms straight up in the air, stops and lowers his arms.
a person slowly made a circle by side walking
a person stayed on the place, and raised right hand and made circle
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle at a normal pace.
a person is using a skipping rope
this person steps forward and grabs an item then moves his right arm up and down.
a person who took a swift step to the right
a person walks to the right side and stands.
a person throwing punches with both arms.
a person raises their right arm up, while slightly moving their left arm.
a person steps forward, then kneels down using their right hand for support.
the man takes a step and raises his right hand.
a man moves his left arm in various directions.
a man claps his hands for a few seconds, and then lowers his arms.
a person walks forward, takes a sharp right, and walks forward again.
a person hops in place
a person walks backwards at a slow pace.
person sits down, then stands up and walks forward. then the turns around 180 degrees and walks the opposite direction
a person doing a fun dance.
a man steps forward and walks in a quarter circle to the left
figure appears to be waving it's hands for a warning possibly
a woman rotates her pelvis to pick up an item off the ground and place on a shelf.
a figure spins rapidly with arms outstretched then adjusts sleeves
the person put a cup up to his mouth and took a drink
he starts to strech a lot
a person fastly ran in right direction forward
a person walks forward, then is jerked to their right.
a person through punches with both their hands.
a person does jumping jacks in place.
a man sidesteps slowly in a circle.
a person looks back and carefully takes a seat on some edge.
a person in boxing class
a person hops on their left foot then their right
a person steps sideways - right leg first followed by left
a person jumps to their left
a man walks with arms switching from side to side.
the man raises both arms and begins a slow bounce, which transforms into a light jump.
a man walks forward and turns to the left.
a person sways while walking.
a person squats down, stands back up, and stretches his arms horizontally.
the stick figure its stretching.
a person stands and slowly looks from the left to the right.
a person side shuffles back and forth while waving their arms around.
the person is jumping with their hands up.
person appears to be playing basketball.
a man swings his arms forward  then runs towards the left side.
walking forwards and then stopping.
a person makes the signals for traveling, double-dribble, palming, and something else i don't recognize.
a person walks around rubbing something in front of them.
a figure swings its arms upward, simulating a slashing motion
person turns around and raises right arm to touch something above his or her head
a man raises his hands in front of his face, then does a front kick with his right foot.
someone is walking over a beam
a person jogs in place and then runs to their right, and then running to the left and returning to where they started.
person moves forward two  steps then turns right two steps
a person walks one way then backtracks
a person doing hand gestures, also dancing.
a person is sitting down and has both hands in front of them, bent at elbow. arms spin counter counterclockwise in a half circle then spin back the other direction while leaning back
a person walks up, gets down on the floor, and lays with their legs in the air.
a person takes two steps forward, turns around and walks back to their original location.
the figure squats while simultaneously bending its arms as if using dumbells, it repeats this motion twice.
a man who is badly injured on his left thigh supports it with both the hands and walks in pain diagonally toward the left
a person who seems to be dancing
a person moves right foot then squats down.
the person is doing a dance move.
the man is warming up
this person does a short sprint forward, holding their arms up to their chest level.
the person is walking back-and-forth from left to right.
a person squats down, then stands back up and holds their arms out.
person jumps to the left, then jumps to the right, then turns around and walks back to the start before jumping once again.
this person is walking around the room.
a person walks sadly towards the screen then pivots and walks back to the top.
person is walking in backwards motion
the person raised his arms out to the side of them put them down in front of him.
a man walks forward and then turns around and walks in the opposite direction.
the person is standing and then lifts his right arm.
this person spins around and kicks using his left leg.
a person runs forwards, crouches beneath an object then runs forwards.
a person softly hops in position, keeping their arms and legs stiff.
a person acts as if they are wiping something down with their left hand.
man walks forwards then waives at the camera, stands there for a few seconds, then turns around and walks back to its original starting point.
a person walk half the circle in the counterclockwise direction  and then start running from the next half .
a man is jumping rope, then starts to jump with one leg.
the person takes a step over the gap
a person lifting an object and displaying it vertically, before setting it back down horizontally.
a person sat on something and leaned the right hand near to face
the person takes a few steps back and raises their left hand, then moves forward and lifts their right hand up defensively.
a figure side-steps forward and to the left, and then takes only one step backward to the right.
this person is moving as if his is playing a guitar.
the sim appears to be standing at a sink, what looks like they use their left hand to brush their teeth.
a person walks in a curve to their left.
the person walks backwards while looking right to left.
figure appears to be carrying an itemm (large item)
a person walks and turns to left.
a person raises both arms up over their head, then lowers them to their side.
person is walking forward, stumbles back, continues forward
a person jumps up and down multiple times.
a man sidesteps to the right before sidestepping back to the left.
the person is walking around in a figure 8.
a person holds an item in their left hand to their face , they turn to the right before stumbling a few steps back
a person stumbles in a clockwise circular motion
the person throws something upward.
a man walks forward in a slow counterclockwise circle, stopping in a standing position.
a person walks forward, crouches down to pick something up, turns around and walks back where they came from, then turn around again and walk to set the item on something.
a person walks forward and turns to the right.
a person kicks slowly with their left leg.
this person is walking back-and-forth diagonally.
he starts walking straight backwards
a person walks forward waving their hands about
a person lifts a weight with left hand.
person makes oval with arms and chest and kicks with left leg.
a person is putting both hands to the chest and having their right around go in circles clockwise and their left arm go counterclockwise in circles.
a man walks forward in an arc toward the right of the screen, then stops when he reaches the end of the platform.
a person is sitting with their hands on their knees, swaying back and forth.
a figure drops to its hands and knees, crawls two steps, turns counterclockwise to crawl another two steps, then stands.
the person has both arms up, but he is only using the left hand.
a person crawls forward, then stands up and turns to their left
a person walks backwards and then steps up stairs backwards as well
a person dances the macarena.
a person is seated playing drums.
the stick figure person camly lifts his right hand  and camly places it back.
a man walks down a ramp while his arms hang down his sides.
a person is walking straight backwards.
a person walking over to sit down.
a person lifts their left arm up and slams it down angrily.
person bends down and picks up heavy object
person makes slapping motion with left hand
a figure walks forward, flinching as it does so, bending over or crouching in the middle of path before hurrying to the end of the walkway.
a person walks in a zigzag pattern.
a person walks up and down steps in a square pattern.
a person ducks down like he's avoiding something, then turns around and ducks again
a person walks froward from one side to the other.
a person walks toward the viewer at a normal pace.
a person appears to be drunk continues to drink from a cup.
a person walks down a set of stairs.
a person does light punches with their right hand.
a person throws their hand up forward then claps.
a man walks in a curve, then a straight line, then doubles back.
figure appears to be fighting or dancing
a person reaches around in front of them with their left hand.
the person lift the dumbbells over their head
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
person is performing dance moves
a person does the floss dance.
a person who is prone pushes himself up off the ground using his arms and propping himself with his knees before standing awkwardly in a ready to wrestle position.
a person scratches their head with their right hand.
a person brings their right wrist to neck level and examines it.
a man stands still and then starts dancing around.
the person is doing the macarena
a person steps to the left.
the figure is using his arms to wash something
a person jogging on a treadmill.
a person walks down stairs.
a man steps to the side and then holds something to his head before stepping back.
a man stretches out his arms in front of him in a swimming motion.
a person is sitting down, with their hands on their thighs.
a person throws something with its right arm.
person walking on uneven terrain by stepping up turning right thestepping down
a person walks a few steps, then begins to jog or run.
a person waving both arms in front of him as if to motion no or stop
a person jumped and spun at the same time in the air.
a person is possibly rolling something up then pushing down on it, as though someone were stuffing a leave bag and closing it shut by rolling the top down.
the stixk figure is rasing his hands ina lifting weight maner.
person walks forward with irregular step height, turns left, walks straight forward normal, turns left, and steps up onto something before continuing to walk forward.
a person walks forward and in the middle of walking takes a greater step and continues
a person quickly hops forward to the left with right foot leading with arms upraised before swinging the left arm down. the figure then returns to the starting point walking.
a person gets on his right knee and crawls towards something.
figure is hopping in a big circle, first on right leg, then on left leg, then back to right leg.
someone is stretching their arms up to the front and up on their side.
person jumps to side four times liftng legs and arms out to the side
a person stands in a t-pose
the person was pushed from the left but did not fall.
a person staggers in a semi circle  right counter- counterclockwise
a person stumbles back 2 steps while flailing their left arm, then stumbles forward.
a person who seems to be stumbling
a person swings their arms right and left, raises their arms, then pushes them back and forth.
a person jogs in place.
hunched over, a man raises his leg while keeping the knee bent and grabs his foot.
a person briskly runs down steps and then jumps up with both feet.
a person turns around, running diagonally, then walks back.
a person is sitting
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person walks slowly hunched over to the right.
a person walks side by side horizontally.
a figure walks forward, swivels in a half turn to the left pushing right hand backward, then walks forward back to starting point.
a man standing still jumps.
a person walks forward, swings their left foot to the right in order to turn around, and then walks back to their original position.
a person takes a stroll in a clockwise circle, then barely cross where he began.
jumping up in place.
a person walks in an arc
the sim steps forward throwing an object with their left hand.
the person is walking straight forward.
a woman is sauntering across the screen
a person sitting and readjusting position to the right.
a person carefully paces back and forth
person stomps their left foot once.
person picks something up and swings it back and forth
the man is squatting then raises his arms and then drops them back down.
someone is doing a breakdance on the ground and then doing a pose
a person does sit-ups for excercise
moving arms in a random pattern.
the person is knocking on something.
a person gestures tauntingly while turning to face something.
the man is making gestures
a person bends down to touch their toes twice
a person is walking in a circle
a person raises both hands to sides of face.
a man turns his head from left to forward, then walks forward casually, before turning and walking back to his starting point.
a person skips forward then twirls around while moving their arms
a man turns to his right and uses his right hand to hit something held in his left hand underhand, readies himself, then hits something coming in from on high overhand with his right hand.
the man is walking straight backwards
person uses left hand to wave. appears to be friendly and communicative
a person walks forward, bends at the waist, picks up an object in bother hands and throws ti
the person is sitting and threw some thing.
a peraon walking makes a left turn.
a person leaning forward.
a man who repeatedly raise his left arm close to his left shoulder
a person hurts their left ankle while walking and grabs it.
the person reached over and grab some thing from the right.
a person walks turning to the right.
a person bends down and motion the right hand in circles.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person stands with their arms out, drops them to their sides, walks forward towards the left and salutes, turns and steps right saluting again.
a person walks forward, trips over something, stops to check his foot, and then continues walking.
the person walks forward doing a dribble kick.
a person picks up two objects and begins performing a motioning action with both objects.
a person sitting on the ground throws something with his left hand twice, stands up and throws something again with his left hand
he walked over a high object which was in his way.
figure appears to be cleaning it's hand and face with licking
a person takes a step to their right and then steps back.
a person swings forward before stepping back, then puts their hand to their chest.
a man moves his hands in front of his face.
a man standing and later shuffles his shoulder to the left.
a person walks backwards slowly
a person shifts around in place like a zombie, raising their arms up and down.
a person sits down to avoid pressure on their knees.
a person walks slowly forward then toward the left hand side and stands facing that direction.
a oerson wals forward and backward on a diagonal line.
the sim appears to be jogging in place.
a person wlowly walked forward and return
the person hunches down and feels around on the ground with their right hand.
a person walks, turns and walks, turns and walks on his back
jumping up and down in place.
the man runs back wards
a person waves with their right hand.
the person is  sitting down and i think typing.
a man reaches his left hand out to his left the times before returning it to in front of him.
a person gives an gesture of i don't know three times and then stretches out arms.
a person who is standing with his right hand raised turns to his right.
a person is walking forward, turns around and then sits.
a person jogs to the right and then jogs to the left, and finally back to the right to return back to his normal position
a man runs back and forth, then upon running back decides to stop almost midway.
a man bends his knees and then jumps with both hands in the air.
a figure lowers their arms and then seems to make the sign of the cross?
a person jumps up into the air, turns his body three quarters of the way around and lands on his feet.
a person walking back and forth
a man walks gently forwards a few steps.
a person walks forward, bends down to pick something up, then moves their left arm in a circle
a person puts one hand on their hip and the other in the air, then raises and lowers both arms together
a person walks down and to the left.
a person flaps their arms like chicken wings.
a person walks slowly down and then back up like a window shopper
a person grabs something in front of them with their left hand and then raises their arms from their sides.
a person start to dance with legs
a person walks forward while shifting from left to right and turns around in the end.
a person sitting or squatting down and waving his/her right hand to someone/something
a person walks forward and turns left to return back.
a person raises their hand up and down before backing up
a person walks forward from one end to the other.
a person stumbles to the left.
the figure takes a step forward, back steps 5 steps, turns around and then back steps two steps.
a man is standing still, then shuffles to the left quickly.
a person standing in place boxing
a person walks down stairs
a person raised the hands and start to make a circle
person is waving hands around.
a man walks to the opposite end of the room slowly.
a person takes a big step forward.
person walks up the stairs
person takes foreword and backwards steps moving to the back, then to their left, and lastly forward, turning 180 degrees
person has their legs spread out and standing then changes position and does the same
the person is putting hands on hips.
a man walks up steps with his left hand on the railing.
a person doing jumping jacks.
a man does 2 jumping jacks, before lunging forward to push an invisible object.
a person throws something with their left hand.
the man steps forward then veers to the right slightly then back to the left.
the person walked four steps forward.
a person walking confidently.
a person waves their right arm around and reaches up high.
the person right on his foot up walked her step went up a little bit higher and then stopped.
a person widens their stance and then stretches their arms out upwards.
stick figure looks to be pulling objects off a shelf with his right arm
person walks forward slowly, turns around 180 degrees clockwise, and then sprints forwards
man stands straigh tup holding an object in his right hand and left hand down to his side. man lifts arm slowly with his hand up to his face as if he is drinking something; drops his hand down to his side.
a figure slowly walks backward.
the person is dancing the waltz.
the figure rises from a laying position and walks in a counterclockwise circle, and then lays back down the ground.
a person walks forward slowly after getting pushed slightly.
stick figure leans back and forth before turning arounf
the person walks to their left
the person is looking through a pair of binoculars.
a person bends over and touches the ground with their right hand.
person walks forward, then walks back and then proceeds to walk forward
a person back up one step with both arms at their side
person is working on something.
a person jumps forward with both feet.
a person walks forward in a straight line
a person is jumping in place then starts to jump forward.
a person standing still shakes their body a bit.
a person is mocking walking on a treadmill.
stick figure throwing its arms in a punching motion
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person brings their left hand to their face.
this person steps back then forward as he is playing a game.
a person walks backwards the goes up steps bacward.
person moves backwards towards the right then left as though he is playing a sport game like football or baseketball
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person walks up two stairs starting with their right leg, then walks backwards down the stairs, and then walks in a semi-circular path to their left.
man slowly walks turning left and widening the circle
a person kicks their left leg around in front of them while balancing on their right leg.
a person walks up the stairs then turns around and walks down the steps while holding a rail.
a person turns to their right and starts walking over to an object they bend down to pick up.
a figure side steps first to the left and then all the way to the right before ending back in the centre
a person jogs in a clockwise circle two and a quarter times.
a person kneels down, crawls forward several paces, turns around and stands up.
the man carefully sits down on the ground and then stands back up
a person reaches forward with his right hand and reaches backward with his left hand, jabs forward and back twice and then switches arm positions and does two more jabs.
a person is walking forward.
person moves forward with both arms extended to side of body waist height  then lifts right leg up and balance on left leg whilst keeping arms in air for balance
a person stands up from bending over, shakes out their left hand, walks diagonally forward and to the right, then turns around clockwise and runs back towards their starting position.
the man takes steps backwards then does a backflip
a man walks slanting to the left then turns around and looks where he came from.
a person walks forward at a slow pace.
a person reaches down and lifts a heavy object with both arms.
a person walking like a bird and then sniffing the air.
a person raises his arm and wiggles his elbow twice before taking two steps back.
a person walks forward and stops
a person throws and object with their right hand
a person uses right hand to put something in its mouth.
a person acts as if they are picking up a bucket of water and pours it out.
the man walked up then started to crow.
a person extends his left arm and hand out in front of him in a pronated position.
the person starts by sitting and dials with their left hand then holds the phone with their right and starts by turning in their chair, before standing up walking to the right around the back of the chair then sitting down again.
a person runs along the fence holding his phone in his left hand, then he stops and walks back
a person raises both hands and pushes outward, then return hands to a downward starting position. the person the puts both hands on hips, and return them to sides one more time before slightly crossing both arms.
a person steps forward, turns around to his left, and steps back and stops.
person has their arms spread out to show domination
the person is doing the side winco dance
a person rubs their hands together.
a person jogs in place
a man leans down and puts his left knee and hand down to the ground and then right knee and hand, then man sits straight up kneeling down on the ground.
the person appears to be swimming.
a person lunges forward and plants their hands on the floor, swinging their legs above them and lands on their feet.
a person gently pacing around.
a person flips his left arm in frustration.
person is running straight ahead
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes three steps forward.
both hands go to the head and then back down to the sides of the body.
a person walks and then sits on a ledge
a person crosses and then uncrosses their arms.
he does a drunk walk
a person picks something up on the left side then moves it to the right side.
a person side steps to the left and then to the right.
a person walking straight forward and to the right.
the person took a giant leap forward.
the figure steps forward then turns slightly right and proceeds to walk in that direction.
a person throws something with their left hand hard
a person doing the dancing in the rain dance.
he looks to be standing upleft & just shaking his hands, grasped together, back and forth.
a person raises the arm and waves multiple times.
a man takes a big step forward with his left foot first
person is facing forward waving with their right hand.
a person throws an uppercut with the right hand.
a man rubs his hands together.
a fast walk forward with multiple steps.
a person walking carefully and making his steps carefully and sneaking in.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes two steps forward, one step over an object and then two more steps.
man left foot stump one then stay in standing position.
a person is walking in a zig zag movement from left to right
a person walking straight forward
a person takes a bolt and puts it into position
a person walks backwards, then forwards and while going forward they are pushed towards the left and crouch.
this person moves his upper body with arms and hands out front as if he is a monster.
the person is preparing dough to make something to eat.
a figure walks down a set of stairs with their arms in the air with a very sultry strut.
the figure takes a large step to the left.
a person steps up, walks forward, then steps down
a person with their hand to their head look around then walks backwards
a person walks to the right side.
a person moves both their forearms in opposite circles, left hand counterclockwise, right hand counter counterclockwise.
a person holds both hands in front of them, punching forward with the left hand, then punching to the left hand side before stopping.
a person sits down and stands up.
a person does a jump
a person who is standing takes one step to his right, then dashes to his left.
a person lifts up both arms in unison and drops them, repeatedly.
a man walks back and forth in a half circle.
a person waves their arms in front of them while gesturing with small and large motions.
a person walks curved to the right.
this person is dragging something heavy.
a person on their stomach paddles their feet and uses a windmill motion with their hands as if swimming.
the person is walking then running and jumping.
a figure diagonally walks across a square shape.
a person walking a counter clockwise motion
a man puts both hands on his hips and jumps up and down.
a person has his hands spread out.
the person starts their exercising with jumping jacks
person walks forward up some steps
a person walks in a circle
a person stands up from sitting on a chair, walks to the left and sits back down in the chair.
a person is boxing, jabbing mostly with his right hand.
a person rotates 180 degrees to their left while taking a step backwards. the person then reaches down with their right hand, before bringing the hand up to their face, twisting slightly at the waist, before setting the object back down with the right hand, and turning to the left to face the original direction.
a blind folded person walks around.
a person stands still and rubs their hands together in front of their chest.
a person steps backwards quickly, shakes their hands out by their side, then walks forward.
a person stretches arms and does arm rolls
a person waves their arms wildly and shuffles their feet.
a man swings his arms to pick up a bucket and pour it out.
a man is pushed with force from the right side
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person sprinting ahead, and then slowing down.
the person is sitting down with his arm straight out of the side.
a person slowly walked forward and returned
the person is drinking something.
a person walks forward with both arms streached out to their side.
the person is lifting something with his right arm.
the man walked up to the door and knocked on it.
a figure does a short jog forward.
the toon is walking in a zig zag motion, shuffling a bit at the end of the "plane".
the person walks around aimlessly
a person moved in right and after in left direction
a man is bringing his hands up towards his body and then pushing them away from his body
the man bends at his knees and uses his leg muscles to propel himself slightly off the ground.
the person steps forward whit shoulders moving.
a person throws out their left hand while sitting, then again while standing.
a person is golf putting a ball.
a person walks forward with big steps
the person was moving something to the left.
person walks forward and to the left
a person slowly walked forward
sitting down on the ground the left hand goes to the middle of the chest to the right side of the head, and then stands up to walk around.
a man stands and a defensive position, brings his right leg forward in a kick, and returns back to a defensive stance.
a person walks forward and spins one one foot then turns around and walks the other way
the person is standing then then looks like excercising.
a person walks with their head down and turns in a circle while searching the ground.
a person appears to be playing tennis and shoots the ball with the racket in his right hand
a person dances the salsa.
a person runs forward slightly to the left.
a person walks forward one foot in front of another
the person cups their right hand to their mouth then lets go of an object
a person walks to their right creating a half circle and then reverses course to the left and walks in a full circle.
a person sidesteps one way then backtracks
a person jumps in the air while turning 360 degrees.
a person walks towards the camera and then pivots on their left foot to go towards the back.
a person is walking while looking around.
a person raises both hands above their head
a person is throwing a ball, catches it back and then throw it again and catch it again.
a person slowly jumped and bend on knee
a person walks up stairs
a person steps and almost falls backwards.
a person holds an item in their right hand to their face , they turn to the left before stumbling a few steps back
a person walks forward with a macho stride.
person walks forward and curves to the right.
a man walks around in a complete circle.
the person is jogging in place.
person walks forward and sits down
a person walks up stairs holding hand rail with left hand.
the person was moving his arms around like he was drunk.
the man puts the box down and runs
a standing man does rolli polli with his hands in the air then do basket ball dribble action and then moves right hand towards his left hand back and fro
this person begins to run forward in a clockwise circle, and then, they quickly turn around to run in a counterclockwise circle.
walking forward in place motion.
a person walks backwards, turns around toward his left and then walks away.
a person raised their arm up then back down.
a person is doing karate kicks.
a man runs forwards slowly, jumps, and then runs forwards again.
man moves his right hand to cover his groin.
a person is flapping his arms and bobbing his head like a chicken.
a person throws a baseball with right arm.
a person takes a large hop forward with both legs.
a person takes a step back and to the right, sits on an invisible object, gets up to stand, and takes smaller steps back to the original position.
a person side steps to the left.
a person creeps forward with their knees and arms slightly bent.
a person does arm curls
a person waves their arms wildly and shuffles their feet.
the worker uses their arms to guide the airplane
standing outside and waiving at the neighbors
poking motion with one arm
a person is performing a dance, by alternatingly raising both arms (like a chicken) while putting an alternate foot out in front of them; then hopping to their left and repeating the sequence.
a man walks across to page and reaches to grab something of a shelf, he then walks back in a complete circle before reaching downwards
stick figure stands still before taking a few jogging steps forward
a person throws something with their left hand hard, then stumbles
a man walks with a normal gait forward.
person dances side to side three to four times holding someone in their hands
a man stands and stretches out his legs and lifts both of his arms.
a person slowly walks counterclockwise, then does a dramatic squat pushing their arms out in front of them.
a man hold his arms above his head and then performs different motions with arms apart and then in front of him
the man jogs forward 4 steps.
a person throws with their right arm.
a person slightly raises right arm and turns to right and left practicing dancing.
a person kicks at something in front of him with his right foot, like a soccer motion.
a person is slightly crouched and then raises their arms
the sim walks to the far end of the plane, wobbling a bit.
a person wiggles his arms around.
a figure moves its left hand to its right shoulder then its left.
while sitting takes a object out with left hand raises it to head before putting it away again with left hand
a man stands with his hands together near his midsection, looks to one side, then bends over, pushing with his arms before standing back up.
a man takes his left arm and raises it up toward his head and then out to the left
a person brings his hands together then kicks one leg out in front of him
a person climbs up something, turns around and climbs back down.
a mother imitated being a teapot pouring out tea to her child while reciting a nursery rhyme.
a person steps forward, staggers suddenly to his left, then slowly walks back to his original course.
person slightly takes a larger step whilst step to walk over something
person went around to sit on chair.
a person is mimicking a mime.
a person sits down, then gets back up.
the person appears to be moving something with both hands.
this person walks forward then quickly turns left to walk back.
a person jogs around the room.
a person steps to his right.
a man stands still for two seconds.
a person walks, leaning over, while swing their right arm.
person walking back towards a chair and then sitting on the chair while their hands are on the armrest
a person walks in a three-quarter circle to their right all while checking to look back over their left should three times.
the man kicks at something with his right leg.
a person walks forwards and turns back around and picks something off the ground twice, turns around towards the front, and keeps picking up things off the ground with both hands.
person gesturing their hands towards their face similar to cheering and then proceeds to bend down to one knee to tie shoe laces
the man appears to be dancing, in a sort of salsa type of style.
a stick figure stands still, and then raises their arms halfway to the middle of their shoulders in a t pose, then lowers their arms to their sides.
a person lifts their left arm and then right arm.
walking from side to side.
the person cups their hands to their mouth as if they are trying to call out
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle while swinging left arm
a person is doing warm up exercises
a person runs on the spot.
a person walks forward, swinging both arms in a windmill motion.
the man is standing with his feet shoulder width apart and then he jogs in place.  taking turns raising his feet one at a time and lifting his arms one at a time.  he then stops and is in the same position which he started.
a person bends down, picks something up, then uses both hands to rub something
a person is holding a round object and takes a few steps forward.
man jumps in the air and then take several side steps to his left.
a man walks in a counter counterclockwise circle, then begins to jog.
a person moves both of his hand right and left bended as well imitating movements of an animal
from a standing position, the person raises both arms above their head, crouches low, slowly swings their body from left to right while tilting their head, and then stand up and takes a step to their left
a man is driving a car.
a person kicks with their right leg hard, then turns around.
a person is drinking from a glass.
a person walks forward then turns to the right.
a person raises both hands to chest level out in front of them makes a swatting motion with left hand for five seconds and then a single swatting motion with their left.
person is stratching hands around with a motion towards and against.
a person sets something on a shelf, walks away, comes back and picks something up.
person stands up from a lunge and reaches in front of them
bending down then outstretching arms.
a person is bent over, holding their right knee, and trying to stretch it out.
a person walks forwards, grabs something with his right hand, and walks backwards
a person pushes his arms up, as if he is benching a set.
figure walks forward, turns left, and walks back toward the direction they came from.
a person walks forward in a straight line. the person goes at a normal pace.
a persong takes five steps forward, begining and ending with their right leg.
a person raising a picture from the ground, placing it on a wall and adjusting the fit.
man walks up and down stairs while holding onto the same hand rail.
a man walks forward and then turns around.
a person walks forward several steps.
the person has joking back-and-forth from the left to the right.
a person walking holding a rail.
individual brings their right and up to their chin and sways before resting their arms back at their sides.
a person is walking and stops.
person looks like they kick something with both legs 2 times
person takes a quick step forward
a man stands with his arms folded.
a person walks a curved path a few steps to the right.
a standing person slowly walks backwards then stops.
the man appear to be sitting and turning his hands as if he were driving
the person raised his arms up and then put them down again.
the person picks something up, tilts it then puts it back down
a person rubs their stomach with their right hand.
a man standing completely still.
person lifts up hand then puts it back down
the person took a giant jump and turn to the right.
person makes action of stuffing something into an object, bends over to put the object down before walking forward to bend over and pick up another object and place it a little bit to the right and then returns to original spot.
a person stands in place while flexing both biceps.
person does two star jumps then does squat jumps arms above head x 2
swinging arm down then standing still.
the person is drying of the front of some thing.
the person is trying to hit a bug.
a person runs forward, then turns around and walks in the opposite direction while swinging their left arm.
the person is around and i think holding someone dancing.
a person curls his left arm up toward his shoulder twice.
a person propels himself and takes a long jump
a person boxes and punches with left arm and hits with left arm.
someone crouches down and moves their feet
a person slowly walks in a 3/4 circle.
a person checks a watch on their right arm.
a person runs to the right, turns around and runs to the left, then runs towards the middle.
the person sits down and throws something with their right hand
someone appears to be stretching they turn their upper body in a counter counterclockwise direction and then leans upper body from side to side
a person hops slowly twice in a row.
a person raises their arms above their head, while doing squats.
the person is hopping on his right leg.
a person jogs in a circle to the right.
someone diagonally kicks their right foot, then their left foot.
a man sidesteps suddenly to his left, bumps into something and leans over, looks around, then walks to his left, bumping into something else and once more leaning over.
a person walks slowly and slightly to the right.
a person walks in a counter-clockwise circle
he crouches low and slow
person is walking with arms out unsteadily
a man walks forwards at medium pace with his arms swawing gently.
a man slowly walks to the opposite end of the room.
the person walks forward with their knees bent in a crouching position.
a person is holding a phone to their ear, then they press on the screen and lift the phone to their ear again
a person drops their hands to their sides, raise their hands t their chest, drops their hands to their sides again then raise them up to chest level roll their hands over each other.
a person raises their right hand to the side of their head.
a person appears to be running in place.
a person is stirring something with their left hand.
a person walks forward, while holding arms stiff, with a bend at the elbow. with every step, they alternate swinging the opposite arm forward.
a man hops on his left leg five times, makes a small jump, then steps forward into a strong push with both hands. he then returns to the starting position.
person throws an item down  violently with left hand onto floor
a man walks forwards towards the camera while sliding to the left and back.
a person hops on their right foot
a person waddles side to side like a penguin.
person is sitting on chair arm rest then relocating to chair to sit then gets up and runs forward.
a person walks forward, turns around, sits, stands and returns to their original location.
a person steps to the left and then leans backward, looking towards the right.
a person flaps his arms like a bird.
a person leaning forward slightly holding one wrist with the other hand slight sway in upper torso
a person touches toward his pelvis, then extends hand and raises it.
a person who is rolling and pulling something in their hand
a person raises their left hand to check the time on their watch.
a man quickly walks in place.
a person does a short quick punching motion
a person climbing up something with their left hand slightly elevated, turn around then walks back down.
a person leans over and touches something with both hands.
stick figure throwing its arms in a punching motion
a person waves with their right hand
a person lifts his arms up in front of him, then mimics punching the air a few times. he then lowers his arms, and trots in a quick clockwise circle.
a person is using binoculars
a person walks in a circle to the left.
a person pull down the hands and start to make a circle
the person is raking the grass.
a person frantically runs forward.
person stands still for a few moments and then walks forward
a person is running, then quickly stops and turns direction while continuing running.
a person dances extremely erratically
person  facing forward does a throwing motion  with left arms before  going into a defensive motion with fists in face
the sim appears to grab an object with both hands bringing it to their mouth & taking a drink .
a man picks something up and walks over and start interacting with something.
a man vomiting bending down and then running and protecting using both hands and then vomiting again
the person was hopping on their left foot.
a person hops to the left two times then hops to the right.
a person picks something up to the left at table height and moves it to table height on their right.
man walk forward reaches arm out like he's pulling on a door turn around then walk back and turn around again to walk back forward.
a person stands still, then reaches his left hand across his body towards his right hand, and then raises his left hand slightly above his left shoulder.
a person lifts both hands up to above face level, slightly twisting left and right, and then wipes his face the back of his left hand.
a person stands only on their left leg.
a person walks forward, takes large step with right leg then slowly walks back to the left.
crossing arms over chest.
spinning hands in a circular motion.
a person is picking up an object off the ground.
a person waves at someone with his right hand.
a person lobs tennis balls with their right arm.
slowly grapevining to the left, then taking a few steps forward with arms toward the face.
a person scratching their head
the man clasps his hands in the air and bows then puts his hands to his mouth and yells for someone.
a person waves with its right hand.
a standing person lifts his ledt arm on the side then and lean to their left,then they rise their left arm to the side and and lean to their right casuing the left arm to fly up
a person is marching forward and quickly marching back.
a man shuffles backward defensively.
a person takes a step towards the camera, turns left and takes two steps, turns left again and takes to steps all while they are raising their left leg higher then their right while walking.
a person slowly walked forward in right and left direction while kicking something
a man raises both arms above his head and squats down and returns to the starting position twice.
at the first he leans to the left then slowly stretches up to his left
the person looks like heโs throwing a baseball
a person jumps while spinning.
a person is standing and looks down.
a person stands on their right foot with their left leg and foot in the air, using their arms to balance.
person is waving hi.
a person flips to the right side.
the sim is standing than kicks twice with their right foot, before doing a jumping back kick.
a person walks forward, turns around and jogs back with a small wave of their right hand.
a person walks around the room.
a man runs forward without stopping.
a person brings his right arm to his face.
a person holds right hand up above head to the side and left hand on hip and then squats and the holds both hands out, then goes back to earlier pose and then tilts to the right side.
a person runs back and forth appearing to hype themselves up for something.
a person who seems to be drinking something
the person jumped  2  steps  forward.
the person was standing on one leg posing.
someone kicks with a right foot
person walks forward slowly, turns around 180 degrees anti-clockwise, and then sprints forwards
a person does one squat with arms straight out in front.
a figure walks slowly and hazily in a circle, stepping backwards at some point
walking forward slowly while limping.
figure appears to be walking on a treadmill
someone is pulling back, while standing on one foot.
a person is throwing a basketball with both hands.
a man does 3 jumping jacks, then stops with his hands resting by his sides.
a man throws something and then catches something.
he starts walking very slowly
a person jumps up and down multiple times.
a person walks forward and stumbles a bit
a man stands with his arms at his sides, and sways slightly to his left.
a person moves their left hand; right, left, up and down.
right arm reaching for the ground then back up, taking a couple of steps to the left while the right hand touches the left hand.
the person walks backwards in a slight zig zag.
the person is bowing down and waving around.
the person is boxing with their right hand.
a person stumbles forward and back almost falling over.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is spinning with is arms spread out and then he falls over.
a person raises their arms and makes a motion as playing a violin with their left arm.
the person is holding up a telescope to the right.
a person walks in a small circle, then starts to take a step backwards.
someone stands sideways and throws something with their right hand.
a person is playing tennis
a person stands on their right left and lifts their left leg up and twists it back and forth.
the person is taking giant steps forward.
man raises arms over the head but feet stay on ground.
walking in a zig zag pattern.
a figure stands with bent knees and then gestures near their mouth as though yelling to someone else and then clasps/wrings their hands
this person throws using both arms then walks and turns.
a person stretch its arms
a person starts lightly jogging, then stops.
a standing figure claps his hands.
a person is lunging forward.
the person is making hand gestures bending its red wrist.
moving and create a ovel image.
the person is walking sideways to his right.
a person does jumping jacks.
person is waving hi to someone.
a figure jogs in place
a person first waves both their left and right hands at the same time and after kicks his right foot to his right.
a person appears to be walking down the stairs then stops
a man walks slowly forward with his arms high above his head, stop, and lowers his arms.
skipping in place and moving randomly.
a person is warming up with his elbow back and forward
a figure walks around the square very loosely, arms swaying and knees bent almost the whole stride, and elbows kept bent.
a person performing a t pose in a slightly hunched over position
a person lunges forward with one foot, reaching his arms out at the same time; this happens twice.
a person is jogging in a circle
a person carefully walks down in a straight line.
a person stands and looks over their left shoulder behind them.
a person bowls during cricket
the man is using his arms and legs to propel him self forward in a running fashion.
person opens a bottle then proceeds to drinking it while holding it with right hand
the person is cleaning freestyle.
a person sits down with hands by his side
a person walks towards the leftside.
a person is standing on two feet then sits down and leans back, he puts his hands on his knees and gets back up to standing and walks to the left, then walks to the right again.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward making a gradual 90ยฐ turn towards the left.
man is limping on right leg
walking forward then stopping.
a person throws object with both hands.
a person raises their right arm to their mouth.
a man raises his right hand to his face and waves it up and down.
a person touches their hair with their right hand.
a man brings arms and hands together, sways left to right, brings his right arm down and then back up again.
a person looks at their left wrist and lowers it.
a person stretches their arms by locking their fingers and straightening the arms forward.
the person is getting a shower and washing his left arm.
a figure lifts the left and then right hand.
the figure takes five steps facing forward as on a runway show.
a person standing with his arms by his sides steps to his left, leans to his left and raises his right arm above his head, drops his arm, then leans to his right, raises his left arm above his head, drops his arm, looks down and straightens up.
a man waves with his right arm.
a person starts running softly in place, then speeds up dramatically.
a man raises his left and right arms while exercising.
the man drops his right hand makes a safe sign scratches his leg then raises his right hand.
the man is doing push recovery stand
the person is walking but struggling with the knee
a person stumbles around like they are drunk.
a person raised the left hand while balancing
the person is putting his hands up straight out to the side and back down again.
a person looks at their wrist.
a person does a small 180 degree jump turn then turns back around to the front.
a person walks a path that bends right.
someone is clapping their hands
the man is stretching his legs while his hands are placed on his hips
a person's hands and feet are touching the floor and they push themselves up like doing a push-up
a person steps forward and touches right hand to chin inquisitively, suddenly walks to the right, leans over to pick something up, then walks to the left doing a sweeping motion while leaned down.
person hops forward only on left foot, turns around while keeping right foot off the ground, hops back to original point only on left foot, settles both feet, turns around and begins hopping forward only on right foot.
a person starts lying on their front side, and quickly crawls backwards using both hands and legs
a person stumbles one step directly to his right.
a person walking to the left.
a squatted person is shivering tremendously and seems to be answering the phone with their left hand.
the sim raises their right arm, before bring it back to their waste.
a person raises up his wrist and looks at it (a watch maybe).
a person kicked something with left leg
person is jogging and then gets down and walks like an ape and then gets back up and jogs again.
a person makes a spinning motion in a counterclockwise direction with their left hand
a man kicks the air in front of him, holding his arms up to guard his face.
punching the air slowly.
a person holds their arms out to their sides and jumps up and down.
a person walks forward slowly.
a man bends and reaches with his right arm, reaches again with his right arm, and then turns to walk away.
a person standing still shuffles to the right.
a person gestures no using his left hand
the person stands still while doing the t pose
walks front with body leaned forward.
a stick figure walks quickly from the left side to the right side.
raising each leg one at a time.
a person holds their arms out in a circle and moved in clockwise circles.
a person lifts up their left wrist, looks at the top of their wrist, and puts their arm back to their side.
the person holds their hands near their head as if flexing or lifting weights.
a person raises up each arm at a time, then both arms, then each arm at a time again.
raising hand above head.
a person walks backwards and stops.
a person punches with both hands as if they are fighting.
this person walks forward but catches himself after stumbling.
a person sits down slowly.
moving forward and jump on the front side on the floor.
person stands still then throws something with right hand above their head
a person stretch its arms
a peron walks forward before coming to a stop
a man lifts his hands up in front his face and turns to his left, and then his right, and puts his hands back down.
a man bends over and puts his hands on the ground and is on all fours
the sim appears to be jumping up and down three times.
a person stands in a t-pose
a person leans over and touches something with both hands.
this person slowly walks forward then stops.
the person is squatting doing a right arm lift.
[from 0s to 5s] a person performs a ballerina balance pose, first on their right leg, before centralising and swapping to their left.
a person lifts dumb bell with its left hand.
a person holding something, is swing their arms side to side.
person walking forward, falling down and catching him with his hands then getting back up to walk to the left
a person is mimicking a mime.
a person walks forward quickly and then stops
a person lazily gives a high five.
the person standing with their arms out at their side.
a person is making dough with his hands
the person takes a few steps and starts jumping while rotating their ams.
a person is pressing buttons on a screen.
a man moves his right arm in various directions.
a person walking forward while pausing periodically.
a person walks forward, takes a quick sidestep to the left, walks straight, and then stops.
running in a zig zag pattern.
jumping up and down.
the man walks and bounces a ball.
a person steps from side to side, touches the ground, and swings his left leg up and around several times.
the person is jogging in place.
a person steps forward, open something like a door, and then steps backwards.
the person did a little hop and then walked upstairs.
a person performing a clean cartwheel.
jumping forward quickly then stopping.
man fix his tie in the mirror
he walks quickly forward, reaching out and shaking hands, then steps around him/her and walks on again.
a person is walking forward.
a person squats down multiple times.
the person is running over towards the right
from a standing position person leans their head down to their right slowly, in front of their chest then back up kind of like a snake.
the person lifts up their right leg reaching for something and then puts it back on the ground.
a person standing in one position raises their left arm, then waves.
a person raised the left hand
a person walks around slowly, turning from side to side.
a person talks on the phone using their left hand while driving.
a person pretends to catch a basketball, shoot it twice, then dribble it.
a person picks something up with their left hand and shakes their hand up and down then tilts their hand to mimic a pouring motion.
a person hesitates in place and then walks forward.
walking back and forth.
a person dances the waltz with good form.
a man walks forward and then comes to a stop.
person steps forward and slightly leans down, and then proceeds to dial a phone.
walking forward and backward and moved forward.
a person lifts their arms to their side.
a person is moving around his right arm.
a person walks in a forward motion
a person pacing back and forth.
figure appears to be yawning or breathing through a mask
person kicks out with their right foot, but stays standing in place. person seems both frustrated and dejected.
person cartwheels from right to left
a person waves with both arms above head.
a person lifts both hands toward their face, and tilts their upper body backwards.
a figure stumbles around uncontrollably while experiencing head ?
a person interlocks his fingers, stretches his arms out in front of him, and then stretches his arms above his head from left to right.
a person stretches with both arms out wide
a person sets down on the floor crossed legged and then stands up.
person leans forward goes onto knees whilst first putting right hand on ground for support and stays on knees
balancing on 1 leg, a person almost falls but is able to gain balance.
a person appears to be throwing an object with their left arm.
a person walks backwards slowly
a person takes steps backwards.
the person is walking forward.
the man is doing step over gap
a man sits down and then stays still.
a person does jumping jacks.
the person takes something out then puts the object to their head
a man is standing with hands on thighs and then raises his arms out to his sides.
a man slowly sways from side to side, sightly bending his knees.
a man holds both hands together near his groin and then simultaneously lifts them up in a swaying motion.
a person walks forward and avoids a line drawn on the ground by stepping around it.
person comes out to the right with arms looking like they are dancing. then starts moving circular to the right and then dances in a complete circle and ends up to the left and walks to the right.
a person steps to their right, puts their hands up and then moves their left hand to catch or pull something.
a person is walking downhill
the person is drying of the front of some thing.
a man raises its right arm and wiggles it and brings it back down.
raise both hands sideways, put them down, leaning towards right a bit and then raising both hands sideways again.
a man turns and then slowly walks to the other end of the room,
this figure seems to be casually waking
a person punches upwards with left hand.
a person walks over and across a beam.
a person hopping around in a complete circle on one foot, before doing the same with the other foot.
the person is jogging in a circle then stands at starting point.
a person crosses his right arm over his left arm, holds pose for a second and then places arms back at sides.
a person holds a split pose and stretches.
a person picking something from his left side and transferring to his right side
person scratches head with left hand
a person brings his and to his face to cry
a man claps his hands together.
a person walking forward in a straight line.
a man runs away, forword he goes with his hand over his head.
someone walks up to a position and then sits down on the ground.
a person runs across the area
a person slowly stumbles from side to side, with an s shaped route.
a person slowly walked by making the circle
person puts right arm shoulder height in front then moves arm to their right
he slowly walks down the stairs
waving both hands and jumping simultaneously at a moderate speed
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person lifts his right arm multiple times.
the man is using the guitar
he picks up a bowl and eats from it.
a person raises their arms and performs stretching movements.
a person is walking around swinging their hand at various locations around them, perhaps trying to hit or throw something.
a person dances briefly and then performs a backflip.
person walks forward with right hand extended to side, trying to feel something.
the person bends over and lift arm in the sky
a person stretches both their arms and holds the left arm up for a while and then stretches both arms again.
the person appears to be picking something up, rotating it, and then putting it back down
the person moves around like a monkey.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks sideways to the left.
a person in a sitting position. doing nothing just sitting.
a person walks confidently forward, turns completely around and walks back, and finally turns once more before standing still.
person stands side on with left arm extended above head
the person is working on something.
a person pulls with their left hand as their tugging to the right.
a person moved to left direction backwards
a person limps forward while holding his side.
a person hops several times on the left leg, then shuffles backwards quickly several steps, then walks forward and spreads the arms out at shoulder height.
walking forward and to the side.
a figure side-steps quickly, like a basketball shuffle -- first to the left and then to the right
a man salsa dancing alone.
the person uses the wrench to loosen the bolt
a person twists at the waist, and reaches their right arm forward in a punching motion.
a person climbs up some ladders
a person uses the breast stroke to swim.
a person raises their right and lowers their left hand.
person is walking straight ahead
a figure speedily swings its arms first in a counterclockwise motion then backwards in an anti counterclockwise motion while slightly facing to the left
a person going down the staircase
a person walks forward slightly then walks backwards, then walks forward again.
a man does jumping jacks, hopping as he alternates between having his legs apart and arms up, and his legs together and arms down.
a person sat on something and leaned the hands near to face
walking in a diagonal line.
a person stands with their forearms in front of them.
a person raised the right hand
a person picks something up from a surface and turns to the left and uses that item on another surface.
a person catches a ball with their left arm then throws it with their right arm.
a person paces to their left, further to their right, then back to their left.
a person side steps to the right followed by the left and back to the right.
a standing person starts with both arms stretched out to the side. then brings both arms down and then raises both arms up in front, shoulder length apart, level with its chin. then lowers both arma together.
beginning with it's left leg, a stick figure takes wide steps walking from the bottom right to the top left.
someone is squatting with both hands on their knees.
the person is back stepping.
a person is walking and gets pushed to the right
a person picks something up and pours it to the right and sets it back down.
a person is waving with his left hand, then extends both his arms outwards
he sits down slowly and comes back up
a person picks up an object and places it to their left.
a man calmly pusts his hands down and gives a short bow.
a person walks forward quickly in a slight diagonal line.
the person sat down in a chair.
a figure raises its right arm twice in a tiny wave, then swings both arms crossing them.
a person is holding his stomach with both hands and then puts his right hand on his knee.
a person side steps to their left with a large step.
a person holds their hands up to their face, holding something, then puts them back down to their sides.
a person is standing still, then crosses his arms, then goes back to normal
a person does star jumps.
a person is sitting down, with their hands on their thighs.
a person is standing and moving his hands around.
a man walks in a circle hunched over like a monkey and then waves arms while walking in a circle.
someone jump high up then in 360
a person takes several short steps forward then reaches out to grab an invisible object with their right hand. they shake it, as if pouring something out, then put the object back down and pick up another, which they stir and pat with their left hand too, as if mixing something in a bowl.
the person was waving at someone with his left hand.
a person holding something in its left hand and twist it with their right hand, then raises their left hand towards its head.
a person in a squat position with arms straight out to the sides, lets their left arm fall to their side, and then after a bit they raise it back up.
a person bends their body forward once and then places their hand on their face and bends forward twice again.
a person throwing a right punch and subsequently a left kick.
a person stretches his arms out to the sides and then does a cartwheel to the left.
the person walks forward towards the  left three steps bends their shoulders downward and walks three more steps forward towards the left.
the man is making gestures
the person jumped up and down one time.
person picks item out of left pocket with left hand then holds item with both hands and raises  left hand to head
man brings arms uo then in a circle
persons raises right hand to right ear then puts hand out in front of them before bringing it to chest level
a person who got up from a sitting position
a person does a cartwheel.
a person walking on a trail.
a person crosses their arms.
a person waves their right hand and then both arms get lifted beside them in a veritcal motion.
person gets up off the ground and then lowers torso forward bending down both arms apart
a person quickly spins all the way around, pivoting on their right foot, and then sprints forward.
a figure walks briskly up stairs
a man jumps back and then walks forward.
person stands and turns to left, then squats as if waiting to catch a ball.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides jumps in place twice and then shifts his body left and right while remaining in place.
figure walks forward then turns a quarter turn left and repeats two times in a rectangular space.
a man jumping and raising arms.
the man is in a accident
a person walks on a straight line
a figure walks in a straight line leaving a pattern
a person jogs from the left to the right.
moving the left hand and go to the right legs to hold.
the person is stepping over a gap.
a person takes step to jump upward, then takes a few steps back to run forward to throw left arm outward.
a person slowly brings their arms down, claps, and then sits down
the toon walks in a loop motion crouching slightly before almost completely finishing the loop.
a person sitting down in the floor.
a person sits down, crosses their legs, and then stands back up.
a man gets down on his hands and knees.
pushing hands in and out.
a peron is doing arm stretches.
a person is clapping his hands.
s person is taking something off the shelf
the person is walking forward normally.
person walks up then bumps into something and takes a slight step back then continues walking
swingin arms and kicking feet.
a person starts off standing forward then jumps backwards.
a man bends his knees, jumps and lands back on his feet.
a person is walking up something then turns around and walks back down.
the person is pacing back-and-forth side to side.
a person turns around, backs up slightly, walks forward several steps, turns around and walks halfway back.
the person mr. lifts their arms by bending at the elbow and using the bicep muscle to crawl.
a person reaches for something with both hands, the raises their right hand then sets its hands back down.
a person walks forward then spins left and walks back
a man kicks something or someone with his right leg.
person takes a steps forward while right arm jerks as if in pain, then turns, walks 2 steps then right arm jerks again after taking 3 steps
this person lifts both arms to the left as if to strum a guitar.
a man walks forward and then stops.
a man holds a golf club with both hands.
a person is sneaking around
a person runs and stops.
from a standing postion, the person puts both hands out in front of them, foot forward, as if to ward something off, before returing to a standing position
a person gestures wildly with their left and right arms above their head in a "come here" gesture, then raises their arms in a "stop" gesture.
raising and lowering arms.
the person is walking back-and-forth side to side.
a man walks forward turns around counter-clockwise and walks back.
a person is walking in a c shape and then stops
this person coughs in his right hand two times.
the person walsk forward, turns around and sits down only to get back up and walk back to where they started.
a person is standing still, then proceeds to clap, then stands still again
a person stands on their right foot whilst kicking their left foot forward and to the side
a person with knees bent, curls up by hunching over, and then stands straight up.
a man takes an object and lifts it to his head with his right hand.
a person walks into the room, picks something up, then sets it back down and walks away.
a man staggers backwards from a standing posture, swinging his arms, before ending in a standing posture.
a person brings their right hand up to make a salute before returning their arm to a resting position.
a person takes a long, slow step to the front, on a diagonal slant to their left.
a man does the charleston.
this person dances across the floor waves his arms overhead as if to be dancing.
a person walks forward, slightly to the left of center.
a person claps with his hands at should level.
the man shakes something places it on the table and steps backwards.
the person is putting his hands up straight out to the side and back down again.
a person is watching something to his right and then catches it and then watches something to his left and catches it.
a person who is standing with legs spread apart and his arms away from his sides, steps forward with his left leg, looks to his left, then takes a step back with his left foot, a step back with his right foot, a step back with is left foot and a step back with his right foot.
a person limps in a jagged line to the left, and then the right, while holding their right knee.
a person standing and crossing their arms in a hugging motion.
a person mail from left side to right and then left and stop
a man holds his left arm in the air and moves his right arm up and down before putting them both down.
someone is doing jumping jacks in slow motion.
a person lifts up right arm to shoulder height then puts it back down
person lifting an imaginary object from their right and placing it on the left.
a person is extending both their arms forward.
person slightly leans forward and appears to be holding chest and neck.
a person waves both arms in the air.
person steps backwards then is stationary
a person walks while making a sweeping right turn.
a man stand up from a kneeling position and then kneels again.
a person raises both hands and waves them in various ways.
a person walks forward and then turns around to squat. then they get back up and walk back the way they came.
he walked in a counter counterclockwise circle while stretching.
a person does a ballerina dance.
the person is doing the salsa dance.
a man takes a step back.
the person pulls the book off of the shelf
a man has his arms extended outwards, then brings them down and back up again
a person who walks and take a right turn
he does a drunk walk
a person raised right arm straight out front and then to the right and then down by his side.
a person takes six steps forward and stops.
a man lowers his hands to his sides and ten raises his arm to the front.
the driver waits at the door to deliver the pizza
a person walks forward then turns around and sits on the ground, then they cross and uncross their legs, and keep both hands and both feet on the ground.
walking around in a circle.
a person leans forward and extends their right arm, stands up and rotates their right hand in a small circle, leans forward with their right arm extended again, then stands back up.
a person is walking down the stairs backwards.
a person moves their right hand; left, right, up and down.
a man moves something from one spot to another.
he walks forward directly stops
a person walks diagonally to the right, turns around, and walks diagonally to the left.
a person claps with hands.
a person walks forward, raises his right arm in front of him, then lowers his arm and walks backwards.
a figure walks forward and turns 180 degrees from the left before walking back towards the starting point
a person is in a fighting stance.
a person drys off something with their left hand.
a man rotates his hips with his arms bent, and then alternates leaning toward each side as he stretches.
a persons takes a big golf swing.
a person jogs forward, turns around, then jogs in a angled line to the left.
a person is hunched over looking at the ground, turning from left to right. something is in their right hand, possibly a flashlight or phone, that they are using to possibly illuminate the ground.
the person was moving something to the right.
a man stretches out his left arm across his body with his right hand holding his left arm.
a person bends forward at the waist, walking forward and flapping hands back and forth behind their body.
a person walking bends to the left.
a man shakes his body while holding his head in his hands, then bends down and ties his shoes.
a man grabs his right leg with right hand and extends left arm into an akward stretch
a figure waves with their right hand
a person walks forward and stops.
the person appears to be swimming.
both arms raise to the left, hit throw
a person walks forward 3 steps, trips, turns around, and limps back to where they started.
walking and then swinging arm back and forth.
moving hands back and forth while standing.
a person picks an item up from an invisible table, walks to it's right a few steps, turns 180ยฐ, grabs an item of an invisible table with his right and, and swirls his left hand
a person stretches their arms above their head and stands on their tip toes.
person person whoโs doing jumping jacks.
a man lifts his left leg and does several kicks.
a person takes very large steps going higher up and lower down each time.
the subject appears to cross his legs and kneel to the ground, then proceeds to stand back upleft.
a person scratching their head
a person walks forwards at a normal pace.
a person unscrews a jar-like object.
a person sitting there shaking
a person walks forward and steps forward on their right foot, reaching their left arm out before returning to regular.
a person runs forward and stops.
a person takes the last sip from a drink and then steps away.
a man takes three steps forward, leading with his left foot, and then stand still
the man walks in a clockwise semicircle.
a man holds both hands together near his groin and then simultaneously lifts them up in a swaying motion.
a person side skips back and forth then walks.
a person performs three jumping jacks.
walking forward and jumping.
the person happily walks forward and then turns around
stick figure swimmming and dog pedaling
a person is stepping forward.
a man walks forward to the left.
a man walks from the back to the front.
a person cautiously walks toward a slippery spot on the ground and then carefully steps across it.
a person walks forward at fast pace.
a person sways their hips back and forth, and then turns around and walks away.
a person holds their arms up and rotates at the waist
a person, while running quickly, bends down and picks something up.
a person stands very still
a person rodding back and lounging his arm forward.
a person raising each hand above his head.
a person shoves their arms out in an angry fashion.
a person walks on the spot and then in a backwards circle
the person writes words on the chalkboard
the person is boxing to the left and to the right.
a man stretches his leg.
walks in a tight circle the runs back and walks in a tight circle.
a person sits down slowly but changes their mind and stands up.
a man climbs up words, with his left arm slightly outstretched.
a person walks to the left, walks to the right, and then back to the center.
a person steps forward with their left foot, and wipes across a surface with their left hand.
a man is moving his hands back and forth.
a person bends over picks up a darts and throws it.
a person with his hands together makes vertical circles in front of him as if reeling a fishing reel the throws his hands over his shoulders
a person is walking then stops and sits down
a person lifts up both hands and rotates to the right.
a person walks in a bending route to the left.
this person is walking back-and-forth diagonally.
the person is jumping in place.
a person picked up an item on the right side then placing it down on the left side.
a person raises arms either sides and straight outwards.
a person raised theleft hand and start stretch
a man is jogging at a steady pace while holding arms out in a jogging position.
a person hopping around in a complete circle on one foot, before doing the same with the other foot.
a person is walking forward holding something in hands then appears to put it down or hand something over
a person steps forward and kicks aggressively with their left leg, then quickly squats and jumps.
a man lifts his right hand to his mouth, walks forward and lifts ups his right leg.
the person is walking upstairs.
a person tred to stay on hands vertically
a person picking up children's toys and putting them away.
a person bounces a ball with right hand.
person does light bouncy jump, skips forward with right leg swinging forward
a person raises their right arm halfway, moves it in a circular motion 5 times, then lowers their arm back down.
the person is walking forward and turns left.
a person who seems to throw or hit something
a person walks forwards, leaning on something with their left hand.
person moves left foot around in circles while standing.
a man walks in counterclockwise direction.
a person kneeling on the ground gets up.
a person stands and twists to the right to pick up what appears to be a light weight object ans then proceeds to twist to the right and place it down
a person takes a very large step diagonally.
a person flaps their arms like a chicken.
person is acting like a human monkey.
a figure shakes itself a little loose then does squats with arms out forward
a person does a long step to the right.
the man is climbing and doing stepovers
person may have been pointing forward.
twirling with the arms loosely tuck in while going in a circle.
a person swings their right arm across their body in an upwards motion.
the person is walking up the stairs and stood still.
a person walks and picks up an object and then throwing it.
a person takes a few small, short, leisurely steps forward.
a person walks forward averagely.
a person walks forward normally
a peraon bends down to tie his shoe and then stands back up.
a person starts with hands held out parallel to the ground, person then puts arms down to sides and walks forward in a counter counterclockwise pattern and at the end of the circle the person jumps back and to the right
a person is side stepping both ways
a person raises their right palm in front of their face and looks at it, then lowers his hand.
a person steps to the right
a person takes two steps to their right, sits down, then stands and takes two steps to their left
shaking hand side to side.
person walks in full circle
animation is walking in downwards direction diagonally to the left
a person swing right arm all the way back and forward once.
a person sit down on the floor
a person is walking forward and then stops.
a person moves backwards and sits in a chair.
a person leans down to place something on the ground, and then stands back upright.
he warms up with a body lean
walking forward with arm outstretched.
a person steps forward before turning right, takes several paces, turns left, turns left again, walks several more paces before stopping and facing back where they came.
a person is walking at an angle to the right.
the person is crouching down crossing his legs.
a man walks to the right and then stops.
a person moves their hands together in a horizontal figure eight in front of them.
a person walking one side to a room and then jogging to the other side
the person kicks to their left.
a person is doing a dance and kicks the air.
a person pretends to catch a basketball, shoot it twice, then dribble it.
the person walks forward bends over and moves their hand as though they are shaking a bottle
a person kicks with their left leg 4 times while their hands are in front of their face.
a man stands forward and pulls his right arm back then forward in a throwing motion.
a person uses their left hands to move their left foot to rest against the last leg in a yoga pose, then repeats the same motion with the right leg.
the person is jogging forward on a treadmill.
walking backwards and forwards in a sporadic circular motion
a person appears to be moving something with both hands.
a standing person slowly walks with their left foot first and then their right foot after in front of their left foot
a person crawls on all fours and then stands up to face the left.
a person seems to be testing their reach with their right hand (throwing slow punches) at all different levels while slightly pivoting their feet.
from a standing position, the person raises both arms above their head, crouches low, slowly swings their body from right to left while tilting their head, and then stand up and takes a step to their right
a person walks forward, then is jerked to their left.
a person, slowly walked forward, and after made circle with right hand
person steps over something reaches down walks around that thing and walks back toward where they started.
a man puts his hands together then stands still.
person is acting like a dancing animal.
catching a ball and winding up and throwing it back
a person steps carefully while walking forwards.
a man jumps up and down several times as he moves his forearms in tight circles, stops as he kicks at the ground, then resumes the original motion.
person is standing in a slight squat position with hands resting on thighs.
a person sneaks forward to their left.
a person takes a few steps forward before coming back to a stop.
the person is running very quickly.
a person runs slightly to the right.
a person in a standing position squats both knees down and then straightens back up in a vertical jump.
the man is moving his body and making moves
this person jogs forward a short distance.
a person stepping backwards, moving in circles to avoid something or someone.
a person jumps sideways to the left.
a man touches his head with his left hand.
a figure seems to jog on a treadmill
person is throwing something.
body moves in counterclock motion once and then jumps into counterclock motion twice after while leaving a mark on the floor.
a man picks up a bar of soap with his left hand, lathers himself, and places the soap back in the soap dish.
a figure throws hard forward with their left hand
a person does jumping jacks while moving to their right.
the person walks to their right
the person crosses his right leg and then uncrosses it. he then turns 180 degrees and crosses his left leg
a figure stands still for awhile, waiting
the person is walking straight backwards.
a person holds both hands at waist height with his elbows bent, bends down at his hips, lowers and straightens both arms, straightens up and moves both hands towards his right shoulder
a person walks down stairs while holding a railing with his left hand.
a man runs forward and then stops running towards the end.
a figure walks slowly in a circle and pauses three-quarters of the way through to reach out both hands to pick up an object at waist-height.
arms outstretched, move arms forward and back.
walking forward and stopping.
this person is seated and appears to drink something.
the sim is standing at a angle, with their left arm extended.
walking forward slowly while limping.
the person reached over and grab some thing from the left.
character crotches down and walk forward a few steps. reaches left hand behind him and thrn rubs head with right hand.
the person is stepping on stones.
the stick figure is walking in form of a back wards letter j.
a person  threw some thing with his right hand.
a person stretches their hips, then arms, then bends forwards and steps forwards.
a man standing with his legs bent, lifts his arms in a "t-pose".
person walks slowly forward with arms at sides.
a person moves their left arm from their side, infront of themselves just below shoulder height.
the figure takes a step forward, back steps 5 steps, turns around and then back steps two steps.
person bends down at the waist
a husky individual takes some wide sideways steps forward, swivels on his heel, and takes some steps backward.
the person is stretching something.
a person appears to be sitting and driving a car.
a person leans down with their hands in front of their head, trying to dodge something
a person swings their shoulders while walking, then turns around and does the same thing in the other direction.
the person is wiping with their left arm. while holding the right arm straight out.
standing on one leg and swinging it.
the sim walks down the plane.
a man steps back and shields his face with both of his hands.
a person clapping hands while swaying left to right, person stops swaying and clapping, person drops both hands to side of body, person raises both left and right arm above head, person claps while arms are above head.
the person twists at the waist to their right, bends both arms at elbows, and then twists forward and pumps fist in air
the person was sliding from left to right.
man walked in a 90 degree angle foward and turned around completely to walk back from starting point in a 90 degree angle.
a person walking forward, grab something with right hand, and went back, and returned one more time.
a person holds both hands together and makes some circular motions, putting their upper body into it.
the person is getting ready to place the football for a kick off.
man stands up from the ground and begins pretending to throw an object, then proceeds to shoot an air basketball.
a man reaches over and picks up some wet soap, and washes his hands with it.
the man is moving his right arm
a person walked backrwards, and showing something with hands
a person walks down stairs.
someone is laterally raising both their arms while slightly bending their knees, brings their arms back to their original position, and then raises them laterally once more.
a person balances on their left leg while they swing their right leg forward and backward, side to side, and pivot their right hip in and out.
a person is rowing on a boat
a person holds their arms out to the sides, and then moves them back and forth.
a person grabs a small invisible object from his left and places it directly in front of them.
the man is kneeling down
a person is writing on a chalkboard.
a man behaves like a chicken.
a man folds his arms in front of him.
person holds onto a rail with right hand and walks up 4 steps, turns around, holds rail with left hand and proceeds down the steps
person bows very slightly to front once only arms fully extended
a person raises his arms above his head, walks forward four steps, stops and lowers his arms.
a man staggers in a confused direction.
a person shrugs their shoulders and swings their arms.
a man jogs in place, first slowly, then building up speed.
a person looks back and carefully takes a seat on some edge.
running forward and stopping.
a person walks forward, stops, then lifts both arm up a little.
a person walks in a clockwise circle and stops.
a person walking forward, side by side, then forward, and then side by side again.
someone nervously pacing around in a circle
waving hands up and down and outs right hand down and continues moving left hand up and down
a person washes their body with their left arm.
a person jogs to the left then turns around to jog to the right before turning around one last time.
a person walks forward a few steps
a person takes four steps forward.
a person kicks with their right leg, does a jig with both feet, and slides forward and kicks with each foot.
a person runs in place
a man turns and then slowly walks to the other end of the room,
a person raises their arms while walking forward, and then stops and lowers their arms.
person jumps 180 degrees once
the person is a leaning over.
a person walks in a 90 degree arc clockwise.
the person walk forward four steps and stop.
the person turned to left and then bent sideways couple of times and bent down forwards at the end.
the man lifts something with his right hand.
kneeling down in place.
a person bows to two different people then shakes someone hand.
the person is  likely picking a pen from pocket.
a person stretches out their arms then buts their hands to their wait before raising the right hand to their face.
a man walks forward at a moderate pace.
a person is performing a ballet dance.
a man punches upward with his left arm.
a person takes a few steps forward, then stops
with their left arm up at a weird angle as if they are holding something, a person walks towards the screen.
a person lunges forward with his right hand extended
a person is standing, swaying back and forth and then takes several steps backwards.
a person walks sideways around an object.
a person walking around bouncing carelessly , then doing it again but backwards.
individual appears to be in a constant flrx.
a person walks diagnoally across a room from their left to right and bend to pick up and object, stand back up and look at the object they just picked up.
this person is dancing just like michael jackson.
in there is a stand behind it
a person is walking while pushing something
a person walks forward without moving his arms.
the man is doing starjumps
a person walks forward then around off to the side.
person is hold their hands together.
a person slowly walks forward.
person may be sitting down waving hands or painting something.
a person is moving their left hand very slightly then turns to the left and reaches.
the person is pouring out of a bottle.
a person slowly waled forward
the person is riding a motorcycle.
a person puts their hands by their mouth and holds them there
the man exercises his arms then squats.
robot started to move forward and stopped
a person appears to be putting things together.
a person dances rooted in one spot by first spinning their hands around while dipping a knee to each side and then continuing to dip to each side while the hands go up and down and out and in.
the person moved from lying down to a crouch.
a figure jogs in place
a person jumps up and down 3 times landing dominantly on their left foot.
someone is holding something with both hands while rocking back and forth.
a person is walking in place.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides quickly walks to his right and stops.
person is walking like in a cat-walk back and forth
a squatting person is eating/drinking something with each hand.
someone dials a number on a cellphone, tosses it up to their left ear, and begins to talk.
a person posing like a model for a photograph shoot
a person places left hand on cround and gets into a seated position on the ground. the person uses left hand to brace themself and gets back to a standing position
a man jumps twice with his arms relaxed at his sides.
a person catches a ball in both hands then tosses it back with their left hand, they then attempt to catch another ball but drop it
a person lunges over and gets back up.
person bends at waist then walks forwards while making hand gestures
a person stretches his neck from side to side, and then backwards and finally to his side again.
person is acting like a human dragon.
a person slowly walked forward
a person squats, pantamimes a lifting motion.. elbows bent and arms extended, swinging his hips side to side
a person walks in a loop in a sort of wobbly fashion.
a person looks beside them then sits down in a chair, they then sit back up.
a person sits down on an imaginary object, then stands up.
person takes a steps forward while left arm jerks as if in pain, then turns, walks 2 steps then left arm jerks again after taking 3 steps
a person walks forward, turns and then sits on a chair.
figure backing up and taking a big swing with his left hand.
a person seems to be testing their reach with their left hand (throwing slow punches) at all different levels while slightly pivoting their feet.
a person gets in ground and crawls.
a figure stands with knees bent, unmoving
a person who is clapping their hands
a person leans to the right pouring something with the left hand to the right hand.
a person walks forward, jumps over a gap, turns around and jumps back over the gap.
a person crawls then stands up and grabs his face.
a person takes three lumbering steps towards the camera.
swimming deep in the ocean.
a person walks and trips to his left and then recovers.
the person is punching something.
a person walks forward, stops, picks something up and puts it down, turns around, and then walks back to starting position
a person is cleaning a window
a person takes a step over something.
a person walks in a half crescent and then retraces his steps
a person walks forward without moving his arms.
a man walks forward, taps at something at neck level with his right hand, then turns clockwise and walks back.
a person who is standing with his arms out from his sides brings his hands together and kicks out with his right leg, then kicks with his left leg, then kicks with his right leg, then kicks with his left leg and then stops.
a person picks up an object with both hands, takes it to his left side and then puts it back at the same place.
person stands moves hands to stomach height then taps a phone buttons then raises puts hands above head together then back to stomach height  using left hand to push phone buttons
a person tries to balance right foot infront of the left and wobbles slightly to the right.
a person walking around in a s shape.
a person stretches, placing most of their weight on one leg bent at the knee, holds this pose for several seconds, swivels around and crouches.
the person is walkig back and forth then punching.
a person raises their right hand and slowly waves.
the person was standing with his arms crossed.
a figure walks forward in a zig zag pattern, stepping over something along the way
a person runs in place then begins to run in place in a small area facing in all directions.
a person i walking forward and slightly to the right when the abruptly move to the left and then continue walking back forwards to the right.
a person bending their arms up and down.
the person walks while swaying his arms.
an individual sets something up before slapping it repeatedly and then jogs away.
he bends over and squatting down he writes something on the ground
a man walks slowly up some stairs.
a person walks and turns left to walk back.
person steps forward holding item with both hands leant forward
a person standing up uses both of their hands to push something up above their head vertically.
someone is standing up in a stretchong motion waving their arms in a circular motion
a person is crouched and stands then resumes the crouched position.
a person steps forward, leans forward and picks something up.
a person turns around and walks away, then turns around and walks back to their origin.
a man swing his left arm in a slapping motion.
a man walks forward slowly, hunched slightly and with both arms bent and at his sides, before he stands to full height.
a man is standing still, jogs on the spot, then stands still again
a person does a squat while slightly raising hands
a person holds their arms up in front of them, bent at the elbow as if boxing and then shuffles forward and kicks out their left leg.
a person stayed on othe right leg and changed them while balancing
a person standing in one position raises their right arm, then waves.
from zero to five seconds: person is standing with arms to side pivots entire body to the left with the right foot  and taking a step with left foot then returns body to beginning position
person sways right and left then turns to right and walks forward
a person walks forward slowly.
the person walk forward and tripped over something.
a person walks forward while making small adjustments right and left
the person crawls forward at a slow speed
a person runs in place with high knees and their arms swinging and then does an exercise bringing the knee to the elbow.
a person walks forward then backs into sitting into a chair.
a person looks around then awkwardly waves with their left hand.
person raises left hand to head height then lowers it and walks back diagonally to their right
the stick model is walking up and down the stairs
a person is rowing on a boat
a person jogs in place.
a person is walking forward.
a person clapping with his hands
a figure walks forward then spins on its heel to return backward
a person walks to the right then walks to the left then walks to the right.
a person is walking sideways with their arms out and hunched down.
a person dances on the spot.
a woman shakes out a beach blanket, lightly airs it out with a flick of her writs, then gently bends down floating the blanket perfectly flat.
moving the left hand on stand.
person extends left arm slightly then bounces on spot
a standing figure makes an overhand throwing motion with his left arm.
robot start moving from left to right and then stopped.
a man turns to his left, then goes down onto a crawl, moving around on his hands and feet, turning once.
a individual is standing still, raising their fists to make a rolling motion, before raising their fist up to their shoulders, shaking them then placing their left arm at their side.
a person is walking then takes some steps.
a person feints a left move, then runs right.
a person jogs on the spot
a person lifts their left arm straight out to the side, then turns it to point straight forward.
a person makes several small jumps in a row.
person is hopping on one foot at a time alternating between right and left
a person is doing the salsa dance.
a person sits down in a chair walks in a clockwise circle and sits back down in the chair
a person uses his right hand to scratch his head
a man walks in a semicircle clockwise, then stops and walks forward, then stops and turns clockwise, goes up a step with his left foot first, stops, then comes back down with his right foot first.
a person walks in a circle
a person doges to the right, then doges to the left.
person moves their hands and feet up and down while walking in circles.
a person walks forward and toward the left hand side.
a person saunters forward and then stands with their legs spread apart.
a person walks in a counter-clockwise oval, then begins to walk the oval a second time.
a man steps onto, walks across, then steps off a rectangular box on the ground.
a person punches several times before pushing something to their left.
a person moving his hand around in small circles.
person walking forward and to the right
a person walks forward and then slows down.
a persons squats up and down with their hands out in front of them.
man bends down to pick up briefcase with left hand and swings briefcase forward and backward.
the man puts arms near his knees and stands still for a few seconds.
a man jumps then kicks the air whilst moving to the opposite end of the room.
a person walks in a counter-clockwise direction at a steady pace, while moving both arms.
a person runs forward at a medium pace.
person side steps to their right and stops
a man holds his head with his left hand and holds his right hand in front of his face while turning at his waist.
a person stands straight with their right hand over their head then lowers back into a more prone position.
a person walking upstairs forward
a person kicks in front of them with their left foot.
a person strafes from right to left repeatedly.
a person walks forward one foot in front of another
a person slowly walked forward
a person steps forward slightly, the raises both their hands and places them together.
a person walks in a straight diagonal line then makes a sharp turnaround at both ends of the line.
a person stands still and shifts their weight from one foot to another while looking back and forth.
a person lunges forward with his left hand extended
a person does a side step to the left
a man walks forward in a straight motion,
the person is creepily walking forward.
a person takes a step forward before pivoting on their right foot to make a sharp turn back.
a person walks straight slowly.
a person walks forward a few steps
a man holds his hands up in the air and then puts them down close to each other making a circle shape.
walking side to side then stopping.
a person checks the watch on their left hand.
a person takes a small jump forward with their arms stationed at their side.
a person ran forward in right direction
moving hands up and down in sync.
a man brushing his dogs hair with a dog brush, stroking his fur at a downward stroke.
a person throws something with their right hand while standing still
the person stomping with his left foot.
a person walking down in a straight line
he walks forward directally upstairs
a person picks up something with his right hand, then raises it slightly several times.
a person appears to be doing a dance.
a person holding something up
a man stands in a squatting position while facing the camera, arms out wide to his left and right, then brings his arms down to his sides, and returns them to their outright position after pausing.
a person crosses their arms then drops them.
from a standing position person leans their head down to their left slowly, in front of their chest then back up kind of like a snake.
a person walks forward and picks things up and puts them down with their hands.
the man waves his arms around making baseball signals.
a person walks backwards several steps, turns around, walks backwards again, turns around and begins walking backwards, then stops.
he lifts dumbbell with right arm
a person does jumping jacks.
a person balancing on his left foot while doing two kicks with his right leg.
a person starts walking counterclockwise then clockwise in a partial figure eight.
the person is playing the violin.
a person is sitting and then raises their left hand and then moves both hands side to side in front of their chest then reaches for their right shoulder with their left hand.
the person step to the left to steps and then step back to the last four steps and stopped.
a person swings his arms around
a person hardly swing the irght hand, and throw something
a person walks and sits on the ground.
this person reaches down and steps then makes a wiping motion.
a person is wrinkling a paper in their hands and moving their feet from side to side
a standing person wipes a table with their left hand in a counterclockwise motion.
takes a couple steps to the left then back again to the right and repeats.
a person punches left and puts their arms down.
a person sits down, takes a drink, puts the drink back down and gets back up
a man clasps hands together and raises his left hand waves.
person sat down there and stood up and sat backwards in the chair
a man appears to slowly celebrate with a fist pump.
the man is moving his arms
the man wrings his hands and twists his ankles.
a person puts his hands together.
a person examining something, considering picking it up before changing their mind.
a person is walking forward whilst limping with his left leg, turns around clockwise, then sprints back to his starting position, stops and turns around counterclockwise
a person puts their hands above their head and wiggles around.
a kneeling person is steadying themselves with their left hand while doing something with their right while close to the ground; they then stand up after finished.
the man is jumping and hopping on each leg
a person slowly walks backwards.
a person check their watch for the time.
the man does 2 karate kicks to the left then 2 kicks to the right.
a person sitting on the ground throws something with their right hand and then stands up and does it again.
stick figure turns counter clock ways for half a circle, then back clock ways
person is walking with his arms out like he is balancing.
a person delivers pizza, receives money, then waves goodbye
a person side steps to the right.
a person checking for the time on his watch.
person starts running very quickly while swinging arms left and right in front of him in a very fast, violent manner, then speeding up before stopping.
a person holds up both arms, puts them down, then gets onto all fours and rises to their knees
a person raises his left arm in front of himself, swings it over to the side, then lowers it.
a person standing up pivots on their left foot, turning in a counter clockwise direction. then they raise their left hand to their mouth and put it back down next to their waist. finally they peer in counter clockwise direction with their neck in an elongated position.
a person walks forward then swiftly turns counterclockwise, then takes a step and stops.
a person raised the hands and showed some jesture
the person is walking down arms out.
a person walk forward cautiously with their hand against a surface.
person is making stepping motion in place
person is exercising arms in various movements
a person picks something up, moves over to pick up another object, and then uses one to swipe at a surface.
a person performs three jumping jacks.
a person is pacing around then places their hands on their hips.
person walking forward, falling down and catching him with his hands then getting back up to walk to the right
a person does sit-ups for excercise
moving body side to side.
the man raises his left hand to hit something.
a person with his right hand elevated raises his right hand twice in a lifting motion.
a person walks aimlessly around the floor comically, taking small steps.
person walks forward while swing arms and walks back.
a person is crawling slowly backwards.
person stands forward still then moves back
the person lifts up their left leg reaching for something and then puts it back on the ground.
the guy lunges forward just a bit and the video ends.
person raises both hands together chest height and rubs hands together
a person quickly runs straight forward, then bends down and picks up something with both hands.
a person is standing still with their arms out like they have big muscles.
a person carefully walks backwards with their arms out to their side.
the person is walking a tight rope.
someone is lifting something up.
a figure seems to prepare to pitch then throws an item
person squatting then raising both arms to 90 degrees
[from 0s - 3s] a person in t pose quickly squats down before kicking their left leg out to the side twice and reaching across their body with the same arm concurrently.
a person walks with his right hand in the air.
a figure stumbles around uncontrollably while experiencing head ?
the person steps to the side to sit in a chair and then gets up and steps back
the person is pacing back-and-forth.
the man gets on his hand and knees and crawls forward 4 crawls then stands and walks back.
he takes a book with left hand
person pulled some thing and then kick something.
a person is seated playing drums.
a person performs a series of martial arts moves.
a person quickly folds their arms while standing up
a person picks their left foot up and then puts it down, then stands back in their original position.
a person stands still and gives basketball signals.
a person limping somewhere with a hurt leg
the person grooms his hair, smoothing it down and making himsef presentable.
a person walks buoyantly forward.
a person spins while slinging an arm in the air on around the circle.
a person punching each hand up int the air one after the other
someone is hitting his drums.
person jogs on the spot quickly
person walks forward then gets on all fours and crawls
a stick figure is standing up dancing.
a referee signaling 2 fouls in the game of basketball. (traveling and double-dribble)
the person walks forward with a limp
a person walks forward at a fast pace.
the person does a short slide to the left.
a person raises their right arm and strums with their left and looks to their right.
a sitting person pushes themselves up with their right foot and walks to the side to extend both their arms to the side of their body
a man mimes boxing punches.
the person claps a few times.
a man took two steps forward and then two steps backward.
a man stands with his arms above his head, and lowers his arms about shoulder level and then back up again several times.
the person is drinking a bottle from his left hand.
a figure loves doing jumping jacks.
person walks side to side with hands at their sides.
the person is facing forward but backing up holding onto a rail.
a man walks forward before stopping.
a person jabbing left arm like a boxer.
the person appears to pick something up with both hands on their right side then move it to their left side
a person moves their left hand in front of their body quickly.
the man is punching the air with both hands
a person appears to be doing jump rope.
a person is walking in a squiggly pattern.
the person to march forward and turned right.
the person walks forward slowly.
a person leans forward and extends their left arm, stands up and rotates their left hand in a small circle, leans forward with their left arm extended again, then stands back up.
a person runs and throws with left hand.
a person turns around to the back then to the side facing left.
the person is standing there.
someone is talking on the cell phone
a person stands in place and squeezes a spray bottle with left hand, then wipes an object in counter clockwise circles with right hand.
the person claps and puts their hands down.
a person feints a right move, then runs left.
the person is walking to the left like a robot.
a person slowly walked forward
a person squats and turns from side to side.
person moves forward three steps then does a full turn back
person is jumping in place.
a person holds their left arm out.
a person who stands with his arms by his sides raises his right hand to his throat, brings his arm back down to his side, then leans right and left and straightens up.
a person jogs and throws an object
the man walks and turns right
the tune is jogging back and forth along the plane in a side to side fashion (horizontally).
a person is stretching his left leg behind him and then starts performing running in one place while spinning counterclockwise.
a person jumps while spinning.
the person gets up from the floor and brushes themselves off.
a person seems to be playing the guitar
a man swing a golf club from right to left.
swinging left arm in petting motion.
look like someone is scratching their head with their left hand
a person jumps to the side horizontally back and forth.
someone walks forward two steps and kicks their right leg up to turn around and walk two steps.
this person reaches to the left then reaches forward with both arms and kicks with right leg.
forward person walk forward and turn to the right and then walked back the other direction.
throwing something while standing still.
the person is dancing the salsa.
the person is walking and turned left.
the person did a deep bow
a person wipes with their left hand .
a person catches something and then throws it back with their left hand.
someone swings their arms in up and outward rotation, then bends over at the waist and swings arms first across their chest then up past their sides 3 times, then stands up straight, then turns to their left and walks away.
a person throws something with its left arm.
a person acts like they are fishing.
a person moves their right hand in large circles in front of them, and then does the same with their left
the left and right arms extend up above the left shoulder.
a person slowly decends a staircase.
a person is walking up and greeting someone.
person grabs something with the left hand and puts it into their rights hand, they step to the side and bend down to grab something with their left hand
person is walking around in a circle.
someone walks five feet and then sits down on a chair for a second, gets up and walks back five feet
a person attempts to get a rock out of their shoe.
person slowly takes step forward.
a person is dancing the waltz, going in a counter-clockwise direction with the left arm out.
a person in a squatting position moves their arms in front of them
figure in static motion in no direction or motion moves arms outwards.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person walks forward and turns and walks backwards.
person picking a jar up from off the ground and putting it on a counter
the person is walking in a counter  clock wise circle
a person steps forward with his left foot, then returns his left foot to its original position.
a man hops with both feet to the right
through some thing and chash some thing.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
person raises hand and runs in a circle.
a person picks something up and uses it as a tool before putting it back down on the ground
a person is standing up in one place with both of their arms fanned out to their sides.
the person is doing arm and squat exercises.
the person lifts both hands, no higher than their waste, from right to left
a person turns left then walks forward
a man seems to be walking forward and then continuously steps up, as if climbing stairs.
a figures hands are near its face, preparing to pitch, then the figure slowly performs the motion of pitching
a person stands up from laying on their stomach.
the person warms up by rolling their ankle
the person is drinking something.
a person turns around to the back then to the side facing right.
the person was pushed from the front backwards.
the person bend down like catching something in both direction and then up and stop.
a person moves to the left side and then to the right side, then stops
a person walks and sits comfortably with his hand rested .
man moves forward jumping from one foot to the other
a man brings an object to his head with his left hand.
person makes a motion of throwing something with right hand coming up to chest then traveling across body to the left
i person throwing a right jab or punch.
a person walks backwards on their toes.
a person raise both their hands and claps.
a person takes a few steps forward, then bends over grabbing their left leg with their right hand, and then steps backwards.
a person walks in a large circle.
a person walks slightly to the side, crouches slightly and pushes before walking back.
the sim walks in a figure 8 formation.
a person walks around obstacles.
a person walks forward several steps and then stops and stands.
a person rotates both wrists, wiggles their left foot, wiggles their right foot, bends their knees, then finally sticks their arms out to the side.
the person is waving with his left hand.
a man is walking backwards slowly, stands still, looks around and walks forwards slowly
a person walks slowly forward.
a person is rocking a baby
the person is making up and down hand gestures.
a man walks towards the camera, turns around, and walks back.
walks side ways but back and forth
a man steps forward, then shakes something with his left arm, before turning to his left and repeating the process.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person climbs the stairs while holding the hand rail
a figure brings its heels together, moving in a side to side motion
the person tripped over his foot.
person was doing karate kicks to the left and then did it to the right as well.
the man sits then moves forward
the person takes a big step with their left foot foward
a person stands with his two feet apart and light hops in that position 14 times.
the person bows its head forward
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks forward and to their left
a person steps backwards two steps, then rushes forward a few steps and swings his right arm forward as though tossing something.
the person side steps to the right and then side steps to the left and then back to the right
the person put his right hand up beside his head.
the person walks backwards in a straight line
a person slowly and quietly sneaks down the hallway.
a person steps forward then spins around with arms outstretched.
a person jumps in place while flinging their arms and leg out and in.
the person is excercising with weights.
a person was touching their knees and then  lifted their arms up
a person hops forward with both legs and after a few hops they hop on top of something then back down right after.
a man walks forward and few steps than turns around.
a person walks forward at a fast pace with hands moving at the wrist
a figure dances ballet elegantly
walking forward while bending down.
walks forward, picks up something, then sets it down to the left of him.
a person stands straight with his feet wide and lifts his hands up and shakes his hips.
a person walks at normal pace, walks two steps a bit faster, then stops
a person waves with both arms above head.
a man turns to his left, steps forward, and begins to rotate his hips and swing his arms.
a person warming up his hands and legs, while standing on the place
a person sitting down on something
person walks backward clockwise in a full circle then another five steps backward then turns
a person appears to be warming up by stretching and moving around.
a person breaks into a quick jog forward.
the person is happy while dancing with the baby
a person walks up stairs, then sidesteps down them, goes in a circle, and walks up the steps again
a man walks in a quarter circle to the left
person is slow walking down.
a man walks forward with arms swaying at his side.
a person is catching something and then throwing it.
a person is picking up items to organize them by sitting them down.
man reach down lift up with hands and turn body to the right with right hand reaching out min forward motion.
a person slowly and quietly sneaks down the hallway.
a person shifts both of their hands to the left then drops them down.
a person does jumping jacks to get loose before an event.
a person walks forward in a counter counterclockwise motion then counterclockwise mothion.
person walks to the right.then turns to the left and begins climbing a ladder. he sits on the ladder and swings its legs.
a person walks forward and toward the right hand side.
a person squats and preceeds to swipe their right arm hand over left palm multiple times.
a person is strumming a guitar while standing.
your son was playing football and stopped.
a man walks part way down steps and stops.
a person kicks as if he is kicking a ball.
starting with their left foot, a person salsa dances forward and backward before turning around while continuing to dance.
a man jogs forward a few steps, walks back to his spot and squats down.
a person takes a bolt and puts it into position
a person is dancing around ballet style on their tip-toes and waving their arms accordingly.
a person holds both hands in front of their face.
a man raises left foot knee high then swings out and puts down repaets this motion twice
a person turns while walking backwards.
a person stretches both arms to their side and hold it for a few seconds before releasing
a person slowly jumped a few times
the man steps onto ice sledes with his right foot stopping at the bottom.
someone quickly dodges left and right moving their body and shoulders.
the person holds something in their right hand and drinks from it.
a person unscrews a jar-like object.
the person walks backwards in an s pattern
a person runs forward quickly.
a person is putting both hands to the chest and having their left around go in circles counterclockwise and their right arm go clockwise in circles.
the person is doing the salsa dance.
a person swings a right hook punch.
a person is standing with their legs far apart and begins squatting slightly on their left knee, then they bring their legs together into a normal standing position.
a shorter figure jumps and high fives someone taller than him out of excitement
a person walks forwards tentatively through either slippery or muddy ground.
the person is pacing back and forth.
someone walks with difficulty on their right side, then tries to run
the man is pretending to be in a playground swinging and climbing
a person takes a step forward with their right foot, throws an object with their left hand, and steps back.
a person moves his right hand in the air.
a person with arms above the head, raises them even further.
a person raises their arms up and down multiple times.
person does two star jumps then does squat jumps arms above head x 2
a person swings a right hook.
a man falls down to his right, then regains balance and stands straight up.
person is running across.
a person pick something up and paces back to place something up or down.
a person raises their left forearm and waves.
figure lifts right foot up to left inner thigh, then spreads arms out wide, holding this postion momentarily. figure then drops arms and right leg, proceeding to move to the right and spread legs wide.
a man steps backwards a few steps, then forward, then lifts his arms to head-level and moves them back and forth, bending them at the elbows.
a person claps once then walks forward then sits down.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides raises his arms above his head, leans to his left, leans to his right and then drops his arms and resumes his standing position.
the person is lifting their arm and starts stretching it and release
person moves slowly forward with bent knees and loose arms as if sneaking up on someone.
a person walks forward while waving its left arm in the air.
the person is making a simple crouch down.
person grabs somethings with two hands and then holds it with left hand
a person steps back to the left and brings the arms upward to the sides.
a person walks around the room while moving his hands around and does a small bounce.
a person walks forward slowly trying to keep their balance.
this person is running in place, moving his arms as he does so.
a man, about face, raises both of his arms in the air and knocks with both hands.
a person is pushed to the right while walking forward
a man is wiping a surface with their right hand then walks to the opposite end of the rooms and drops an object.
a person walks up to fix something and then walks back.
person is making circular movements with both arms
a person swings their arms together toward their left, then up toward their right.
a person walks at normal pace.
someone moves their waist from left to right
a person jumps straight up in the air twice.
this person runs forward then stops.
moving forward and backward finally come on the same place.
through some thing and chash some thing.
a person takes five steps forward and stops.
this person is seated and appears to drink something.
a person walks backwards several steps, turns around, walks backwards again, turns around and begins walking backwards, then stops.
person looks like they are making arm and leg circles as if they are doing breast stroke.
the man reaches out to shakes hands several times, then bows twice with his hands together about waist high showing respect.
a person lifting up their right shoulder.
a person stumbles to their left, forward a step and then back to the right
a man walks forward for a short time, turns slightly to the right to meet back at his starting point then continues forward for a short time and turns left heading back to starting point to create a figure 8.
a person walks in all directions while performing aggressive gestures.
a person takes a step then moves their left hand to the right side in a grabbing motion, and then takes a step lower.
figure appears to be intoxicated
a man throws a fake punch.
a person throws things to the left; first something underhand, then something overhand, and then something very far.
a person catches a ball, pitches it, jumps up and catches it again.
a person who is sitting reaches up with his left hand and puts something in his mouth.
a person waves their arms in a sinuous motion and then dances back and forth several times while waving their arms.
a person is getting pushed from behind.
the man picks something upright then lays it back down.
a person walks straight then turn to its left then walks straight again.
person salutes and then puts his hand down to his side again.
a man throws something with his right hand
a person raises both arms up and down bending them at the elbow as if cheering or chanting.
a person is holding an object, takes a step forward makes a door knocking motion with their left hand and then hands the object forward.
a person walks in a circular motion
the person is kicking the air.
a person strafes from side to side.
person appears to pick something up with left hand then walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward careful to avoid something that is on the ground.
a person standing up straight and putting both left and right hands together multiple times.
a person stretches to their left, stretches down then interlaces their fingers and stretches upwards.
a person throws something overhand with their right arm.
person walks forward slightly, then touches where their head would be.
a person starts in a standing position then walks backwards.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person walking and changing their path to the right
a person is walking around in a squiggly line.
a person walks forward then starts to dance.
a figure does a box step
a person walks backward while sliding their feet, turns around and repeats the motion.
the person is sitting down with his arm straight out of the side.
a person walks on a beam, loses his balance and fall off to his right.
the person backed up to pose.
a person walks forward at a regular pace.
a person is squatting while mimicking felletio.
the person is jumping up and back down.
a person steps out with right leg, left legs steps in front of right leg, right leg steps, then left leg steps behind right leg.
a person makes a big motion with their right arm
person moves on obstacle carefully with arms shoulder height for balance
a man walks forwards at a medium-fast pace, while swinging his arms which are bent at the elbow.
the figure takes a few steps forward before pick something up turning around and walking back to where they were and crouching down to pick something up.
a person balancing on their right leg pivots their left leg around the knee joint in each direction
the person was looking at his wrist for his watch.
a person uses their left hand to wipe down something.
a person shakes arms to lossen up then walks backwads, then moves forward with the right arm in a swiming motion
this person was running on the spot.
a person swings his right hand.
person got down to crawl on their hands and knees
a person leaned the hands near to face
person makes uppercut boxing motion
a person has both arms in the air and drops them.
the person does a yoga pose with their leg high in the air
standing still for awhile then gently moving arms in a forward moving circle.
a man takes three steps forward, leading with his right foot, and then stand still
person stands still then crosses both arms then goes back into hands by side
a person raises and lowers their arms, turns, then lowers so their arms and legs are on the floor with their stomach facing up
the first one is running forward.
a person is sneaking forward
character raises left arm to shoulder height then drops to side.
a person standing up uses both of their hands to push something up above their head vertically.
a person pretends to be a chicken
man reaches down to the right as to pick up item and then reaches to the left as if emptying item then replaces it to the right.
a person bending floor deep with their arms outstretched in front of him.
a person bends over to look at something.
the person is jogging in place.
a man takes a sitting pose and raises his arms up and down and then streches his left harm to the far left.
person is exercising their right arm
a person lifts dumbbells with both arms to their chest.
a person waves and beckons someone over with their right hand.
a person is on his knees and stands up.
the person sits down and stands back up.
figure does a quick small jump and then walks fowardsd and then stops.
a person steps off a platform to the right, right first first, while facing forward.
a person steps to the right
a person who performed a right handed uppercut
a man raises his hands up on the air,starts clapping and then lowers them down.
the man drops to his hands and knees and crawls across the area and stands back up.
a man brings his arms down to his sides, then lifts them to head height, lowers them, and lifts them back up as he sways slightly.
a person struggles to walk using the railing on their left for assistance.
a man jumps forward with his arms at his side.
a person jumps forward over something.
a person moves arms down; right hand picks up something; left hand grabs it and sits it down.
a person takes two steps forward then turns to the left and takes two more steps.
person runs quickly straight forward
a person walks forward at a relatively slow pace.
hunched over, a man raises his leg while keeping the knee bent and grabs his foot.
a man rope skipping and then remove the footwear and then rope skip again
a person kicks forward with his right leg twice, to the side twice, then kicks forward with his left leg twice.
a person does the cat walk
a person slowly walked backwards
walking in a circular pattern.
a person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls around, then gets back up.
the person solutes in the video above with its red hand.
the person is moving something in the air.
a person bends over and starts to move things around on the ground.
a person takes one step forward, then uses their right hand to salute two times.
a person picks something up and places it to the right.
a person appears to have body shakes while squatting.
person is waving hands up.
a person walks buoyantly forward.
legs a shoulders-width apart the figure has their arms straight out to the side and bends at the waist to the right not all the way down to the floor and then back up.
a person lands on his right foot as if hopping off of something, then takes a few steps forward and to the left.
a person is crossing both arms across the chest.
a man runs on the same spot repeatedly.
a person shrugs their shoulders.
the person is walking with his arms out trying to balance.
stepping forward left leg first then swatting left hand downward from head level
a person leans forward with hands clasped then winds back to throw something.
a person walks forward and then lowers to crouch position.
the person walks forward and frequently, in an obvious manner, turns in place to look behind them.
a person steps forward and reaches out with their left hand, stopping, then swinging it back towards them, stepping back and stopping in a  neutral position.
a man walks forward in a curved line.
a person twist his torso to reach far to the right, then returns to a neutral position
a person skipping across a room.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person, was preparing and ran forward, and after start to jump
a man puts his hands on his knees while crouching.
he brings hands to his chest, then places them beside and back a little, and uses them to help himself up; he then walks forward in a counterclockwise motion.
a man steadies himself while walking forward.
a person walks forward but also slightly to the left at the same time.
a person standing and then jumping up
a person walks at a fast pace straight forward.
a person waves friendly with their right hand.
a person is dancing, moving their legs side to side and waving their right hand in the air. they then raise both hands and wave them in the air, continuing to move side to side.
person stands with both arms up then moves legs and arms side to side
a person, is walking up something very quickly.
the figure squats up and down with arms forward with each squat they do a tiny jump as they move upward.
a person jogs right to left.
this person has arms extended out then brings them inward and extends them again.
a person repeatedly holds both hands above their head and then swings them forward and down rapidly with force.
figure sits in an invisible chair, swiveling back and forth, and raises left hand to side of head while right arm goes back to sit atop the right knee.
a person walks straight ahead in a regular way.
a person raises their arms then squats. he does this twice
the person is pacing back-and-forth.
a person taking something and giving it away
a man holds his hands up in the air and then puts them down close to each other making a circle shape.
the person is pushing someone in the swing.
the person is placing some thing from the right onto the left.
a person agitatedly looks around to the right.
a person hops right and left in a stationary position.
a man walks away and then turns back to defend from a confrontation.
a person holds their arms out to the sides, and then moves them back and forth.
person appears to lift something with left hand then with right hand.
a person walks forward and then to their right.
a person standing stationary holds their left hand chest height, extends their left arm straight out, and then lowers their left arm while relaxing their body.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person steps around something then sits down on the item and rests each hand on the corresponding thigh
a person with its arms raised, sets them down then claps .
a person stands still then puts their hands on their hip.
balancing on 1 leg, a person almost falls but is able to gain balance.
person put right hand on someone's hip and left hand on someone's shoulder, and then they sway from side to side with their hips
a person walks straight ahead.
person is standing up and kicking.
move object from right to left with hands
a person bends down and touches their toes, then reaches up and stretches back and forth
a person shuffles to the left, then the right, takes a step backwards and then hobbles forward.
a man walks with both arms extended outward with his body swaying side by side going in a circular line
a person is side stepping both ways
a person appears to be performing a dance move, first moving backward, then forward, counterclockwise for one and a half circles, forward, and then backward again.
the person extending their left leg.
a person who is standing takes one step to his left, then dashes to his right.
the figure steps back and lifts its left (our right) arm and steps foward without putting it back down.
a person is standing and clapping.
a person walks forward on a beam with outstretched arms and then steps down.
a man walks forwards at a medium-fast pace, while swinging his arms which are bent at the elbow.
a person standing puts arms up.
a person performing jumping jacks, or star jumps on the spot.
the person is walking up steps.
the person is walking forward.
squatting down one time.
person stands still with both arms raised at shoulder height
a person runs back and forth while delivering various roundhouse kicks.
a person with their arms spread open moves them down and then sits in a sitting chair position then waves their right hand
a person stayed on the place
a person walks striding forwards.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a man walks in a figure eight formation.
a man walks forward a couple steps then halts and walks in place.
it is a person walking backwards.
a person appears to be dancing.
a person gestures with their left arm primarily although sometimes utilizes their right arm and tandem with the left arm to continue the gestures.
the person is singing in the rain.
a person slightly squatting with right and left arms, placing them on knees, and then, lifting arms again.
person person is sitting on a white machine lifting arm weights.
a person walks forward then starts to dance.
a man walks forward, then stops.
a man balances on his right foot whilst extending his left leg across and away from his body.
a person takes 3 steps backwards
a person gets pushed to the right, recovering, they walk back to the left.
a man does jumping jacks, hopping as he alternates between having his legs apart and arms up, and his legs together and arms down.
a person who ran in a circle and then started rolling both hands repeatedly
a man jumps up and down, flapping his hands.
picks up box and throws it out like trash
man walks in a clockwise circle, with his arms at his sides at all times.
a person throws an object with their right hand then catches an object with both hands.
a person makes pantomime gestures with his hands.
person does one and a quarter walk anti counterclockwise
the person is walking forward.
crawling around then standing up.
a person is very cold, and is shivering.
the person is doing upper body stretches.
a person walks right, then left, then right again, facing perpendicular to their walking dorection and crossing over their feet with each stride.
a man is crawling on his hands and knees slowly and gets back up
a man bends down to cross swing his arm then walks back to walk forward while swinging his arms.
man stumbles to his left
moving arm out then stopping.
a person who stands with his arms by his sides raises his left hand to his throat, brings his arm back down to his side, then leans left and right and straightens up.
the person walks to the left and stops, they raise their hands up above shoulders. then moving both hands together to the left simultaneously and back. again but only with left hand,
moving the hands speaking some thing.
a person picking something up
the person is walking forward with their hands on something
a person turns to his left and kicks something with his right foot.
the person is squatting like on a motorcycle
a man walks in a forward arc to his right, then returns to his original start.
a person walks diagonal and picks something up then walks back and squats.
a person jogging making two complete circles.
a person steps forward, turns to the side and gestures several times.
bending down and kneeling.
a man supports himself with his left hand, carefully going down to his knees.
the person is throwing a ball and then catches the ball.
the person is running back-and-forth.
a person claps their hands then steps forwards and turns to sit down. they reach out with their left hand
a man claps his hands several times.
a person walks backwards, pushes forward, and then walks forward.
a person keeps right foot planted and turns left foot and waist and punches cross body with left hand.
a person steps backwards, sits, then stands and steps forward.
a person walks in a large circle.
a person jumped on the place
a person, standing still, shaking their arms and shoulders slightly.
a person appears to cradle a baby, with their left hand supporting the head and their right supporting the body.
a person who is warming up their arms and legs
a person turns steering wheel with both hands.
a person walks forward with head and shoulders slouched and turns around to face away at the end
a person is doing a dance
a person slightly raises their left arm while standing up
a person raised the hands and start to make a circle
a man is playing a violin before stopping.
a person slowly walked backwards
a man is crouching while moving both arms up and down.
a man raised his left arm.
from a standing position, the person quickly runs four steps forward before stopping
a man sways side by side with arms out
a person throws punches, one with his left hand and four with his right hand.
person is standinf still or holding something.
a person flattens their dress and starts to curtsey.
a man has his arms in the air then twists his torso left and right and then up and down.
the person walked towards someone taking 4 steps
a person jumping to their right hand side.
the figure jumps twice while facing forward.
a character is crouching over with their hands in front of them as to make the motion of searching through a file cabinet.
a person walks to his left.
a person walks awkwardly across the floor, holding their arms out to their sides for balance.
person starts slowly walking in a diagonal line
a person takes two steps forward and stops.
the man moves his arms from right to left as if he is picking something up
a person keeps left foot planted and turns right foot and waist and punches cross body with right hand.
a person jumps and spins backwards.
a man falls down to his left, then regains balance and stands straight up.
a man walks up stairs with his right arm out.
left arm reaching for the ground then back up, taking a couple of steps to the right while the left hand touches the right hand.
a person squats twice while facing forward without moving.
a person leans on an object to his left side and jumps off it.
this person moves left and right in a circular motion as if to dance.
the person takes their turn and jumps into a double dutch jump rope game.
a person walks forward turns and sits then walks back.
a man walks forward and leans his hands on a table while lifting his right leg.
the right hand goes to the left and the left hand goes upward to the face.
a person throw something with right hand
a person is doing karate kicks
person standing, raises left hand to look at watch and returns hand down to his side
the figures hand rests on something that guides them as they take a few steps up the stairs.
walks forward directly and stops
this person jabs with his right hand.
a person walks straight slowly.
walking to the side then the other.
the person checks the watch on his hand.
a person walks forward and side kicks then puts his hand to his face
a person makes punching motions with their arms and makes quick steps with their feet.
a person walks forward shortly.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
person picked up his phone made a call and then put it back down.
a person slightly moved into right direction
a person walks to the left, then walks to the right, and then he squats down.
the person is gesturing something.
picture of a person standing on the floor with their legs slightly bent
a person throws a ball with their right arm.
the hands are met at the middle of the waist shaking and go back down to the side of the body.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
person is walking backwards at medium pace
he sits down on the floor, crossing his legs, then touches his knees and stands back up.
a man walks forward bending his knees.
a person walks forward drifting slightly to their right.
a person moves their arms forward then around in opposite circles
a person holding something walks forward and places it down, then turns around and walks.
a figure sprints forward confidently
the person standing still with his arms crossed.
the person has their legs spread past shoulder width and is pushing their shoulder into a surface on his right, as if trying to shoulder a door open.
the man is walking forward
person walks in an arc path
the person was walking forward with a low kick to the right.
a person picks up something heavy and sets it to the right, then picks up another.
a person walks forward then backs into sitting into a chair.
a person alternates flapping both arms and bending their neck forward multiple times, mimicking a chicken.
the person is moving both his hands around
the person walk upstairs then turn around and walk back downstairs.
character is moving slowly before moving into a moderate jog.
a person clasps their arms after shifting temporarily to the right.
the sim appears to be holding an object in their right arm, using their left hand to stir the contents.
the man is waving happily
a person throwing with his right hand and catching it with both his hands.
person walks forward and to the right
a person drops their arms from shoulder height, claps one time, walks forward, turns to the left and sits down.
a man walks forwards down some stairs while holding the handrail with his right hand.
a person sits with arms resting on his thighs, holding his hands
a person moves forward and left.
a person leans forward, lowers his arm then turns to the side lowering the other arm, while moving arm back and forth.
he turns to his right
the person was looking at the damage to his right leg.
person raises left arms in waving motion
a person standing up is going to act like they are sitting down on chair, but with no chair present and stand back up.
a person uses tool in right hand to stir.
the person is walk in the street backwards.
person stands feet shoulder length apart then raises arms shoulder level once
a man quickly walks forward.
a man lifts a box from one side and sets it to the side .
a person performing a dance routine.
a person standing points at something by lifting their right hand.
a figure walks in a straight line, turns and sits facing away, then stands and walks away
a man confidently strides across the room with a lumbering gait
a person scratching their head
a person imitates a chicken by bringing their hands up to their sides and their elbows are out flapping their arms and moving their head back-and-forth.
a person stretches calves and tip toes.
a person, is walking up something very quickly.
a person walks on the spot at a normal pace
a person is standing straight, and bows forward slowly.
a person is catching something and then throwing it.
person walks forwards straight while stumbling
a person is punching the air with his left and right hand.
someone being pushed back a few steps
a person runs in place then alternatingly touches their elbows to their knees.
someone walking stands and begins to move shoulders and arms
a person walking forward rapidly.
the person walks a couple of steps starting with the left foot
the man uppercuts using his right arm.
person person to swaying  in half circles.
the person is walking towards the right.
a person lifts his right and left arm into the air.
the man is doing push recovery stand
a person walks forward for a few steps.
a person is pushed hard to their left and they recover into a standing position.
a person walks and turns right to walk back.
the man puts arms near his knees and stands still for a few seconds.
a person bows slighly once.
he steps forward with his right foot takes a dart from his right hand, makes overhand moves before throwing the dart then repeats
a person stomps the ground with their right foot.
a person is making a high kick with his left leg.
the body jump spins in a full circle.
walking forward then stopping.
figure appears to be swinging a club or bat
with his left hand, a person is sewing something that he is holding in his right hand.
a person holds his arms in front of his chest and face and then kicks out with his left leg, turns and kicks with his right leg
this person raises his left arm into the air.
a person is walking slowly forward.
the person is being pulled by his arm but is resisting.
a person bear crawls across and back in the space
a person swings his right arm in an upper cut
a person walks straight forward down some steps with their right hand on something.
a man is crawling on his hands and knees slowly and gets back up
person walks forward with left arm slightly extended as compared to right arm.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person waves his left hand.
a person waves their hands to get someone's attention
this person stands still and fold his arms in front of him.
this person is running in place, moving his arms as he does so.
walking backwards and stopping.
a person stands on their left leg for a few seconds then stands on their right leg for a few seconds.
the person lunges to the right to stretch
a man walks in a slow counterclockwise circle, though he turns sharply to his left before the circle is complete, then turns again sharply to his right before stopping.
a man twists his torso right and left and then to the sides and the up and down.
the body walks to left in a curve.
man dancing to his right turning around to his left with his arms up and moving around to his left then starts dancing to his left turning around to his right with his arms up
the person was kneeling on one knee stood up.
a person stumbles in a counterclockwise circular motion
a person walks in a circle
person picks something up, shows it left then puts it down.
a man walking and then turn to his left
a person with his/her arms on his/her side while jumping with his/her legs a few times.
the man puts his hand to his mouth and moves his arams
a person does a small jump
the person is waving their arms in the air
a person steps to the left, kicks an object with their right foot, steps back,  then kicks with their left leg twice.
a person takes two normal steps and one big step to avoid a gap
a person steps forward then spins around with arms outstretched.
the figure is walking straight with their hands to their sides.
a person walks forward then back while looking down.
a person kicks something with their right foot twice.
person trips forwards but regains balance
while slightly hunched over, a person take several small steps forward, gestures with both hands several times, turns to the left and walks in small steps.
moving arms around near chest.
a person is crouched down and walking around sneakily.
a person is jogging forward and looking at the ground
a person raised the hands up and moved in every direction
a person walks forward and turns clockwise, then grabs their knee in pain before continuing ahead and turning clockwise again.
this person steps back then forward as he is playing a game.
a person walks forward and slightly to the left.
a person puts their hands on their abdomen and jumps then moves a few steps to the side.
the man looks at his phone then giggles.
a person walks froward from one side to the other.
a person stands with hands at shoulder width and waist height but slightly in front of their body then reaches for thing above in the middle and below with their left hand.
the body goes on hands and knees to start crawling then turns around to crawl.
a person walks forward and then backwards.
the person is waving hello to someone.
a person prepares and object in front of them with their hands then, scrubs their face with their right hand.
the person is running forward.
a man takes several steps backwards.
this person was running on the spot.
a person walks using both legs, but kicks the ground with their left leg on each step with the left leg
a person walks forward and does a salsa dance.
a man climbs up steps.
a person is standing at a slight angle, he lifts his right hand twice leaving their fist at about shoulder length.
a person walking forward, avoiding obstacles on the floor.
a person side steps to the right and then stands up straight.
a person slowly throwed something
the person is sewing something together.
a person standing still while holding something in front of him with their right hand and rotating their left hand over their right hand their right hand
someone jumps up twice, bringing their hands together in front of them as they go upwards and releasing them as they go downwards.
a person standing still does nothing.
a man walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person raises his hands and claps.
a person walks forwards diagonally with a swaying motion.
the person is pacing back-and-forth in a triangle.
the person bends down and gets on their knees.
the arms barely curled moves to the right.
a person is pushed by their left arm while walking forward.
a person holds their left foot, then bends down to hold it before standing up to balance on one foot.
he stepped on step backwards and towards the left.
a person throws something with both hands.
a person stands with hands at shoulder width and waist height but slightly in front of their body then reaches for thing above in the middle and below with their right hand.
a person is standing still with both arms raised to their sides laterally at shoulder level.
a person waves both hands above their head.
a figure leans on its left leg, spine arched in an agressive posture slightly swaying its shoulders
walking forward in a diagonal line.
the sim is doing ballet, twirls then into a pose.
a person reaches up while tip toeing and hopping.
a man raises his right arm the lowers it.
a man puts his hands up, steps back and then throws a punch.
a man is standing, bend forward at the waist, and reaches his left arm to the ground as if picking something up. he then stands up left.
a person crouches and crawls from one end to the other
a man turns to his right, walks forward, reaches out for something with his left hand, turns around clockwise, walks back, and then turns once again clockwise and walks.
the person is squatting with his legs.
someone slowly walks in a diagonal line appearing to tip toe and then walks back to starting location.
a person does two jumping jacks.
a person doing jumping jacks.
person walks backward counterclockwise in a full circle then another five steps backward then turns
a person shakes something in their right hand, takes a few steps, then sets the object down.
person raises both arms then left arm to shoulder above head
the man takes 9 proud steps forward and turns around.
a figure stumbles backwards then forwards repetitively as though drunk
figure moves around a circlular object off of a higher flat surface than its center.
a person walks forward then comes to a stop.
a man skips from right to left repeatedly while making a tringular pattern.
a person slightly walked on left direcation
a person brushes something off of their pants.
a person jumps upwards multiple times.
a person takes wide steps while using their left hand to hold on to something steadily as they walk.
person is doing some dancing standing up.
a person walks forward a quarter of a circle clockwise.
a person stumbles to their left.
the man is standing still
a man walks forward with arms swaying at his side.
a woman, appearing to be doing yoga, bends backward and makes a bridge with her body. she then lifts her right leg up straight and plants back down and stands back upright.
person stumbles forward as if being pushed from behind.
the person was doing a warm up with his elbows.
a person sways to swing their left foot followed by their right foot.
this person jumps forward then jumps backward.
a man walks forward with both hands at his side.
a person steps up onto something, walks across it, and steps down off of it.
person dances with arms out
person is pretending they are a dinosaur.
man appears to be walking forward on a beam or tightrope
a person swings their left arm in a circle forward, then swings it backwards in a circle.
a man stands facing forward, stretch both hands forward, he turned right walked a little turned left walked a little turned left walked.
a figure does jumping jacks
person seems to be exercising by bending at the knees and walking forward
the man moves in a triangle trying to scare people.
a stick figure casually walks in an s figure
a person starts walking in z shape ,goes to extreme left and walks slightly right and stands in the center.
jumping up and down in place
person stands then takes big strides forward left leg first then finishes facing forward
person jumps off the ground lightly
a man touches several objects with his left hand.
a person rotates their arm in and out.
figure is walking in a counterclockwise pace.
a person claps their hands shifting up and down as they do.
the person leans on the right then left and then grabs something on the ground. they wipe something on the right hand side. they do a twisting motion like a doorknob and set an item down on the left side on the ground
a person briskly walks forward
the person steps to the right and looks down. they step forward on their left leg and cross their legs. they sit down cross legged and get up with their hands.
person moves forward kicks out right leg on object
a person holds something to their right ear and then brings it down while they straddle something.
a man walks forward and mimes throwing a ball twice.
the figure is sitting or crouching and the hands move very minutely by the face as they eat.
a standing man waves with his left hand.
a person jogs in place for a moment, stops, then turns to their right and jogs in a clockwise ellipse returning to the point they started from.
man walks down a line and slightly veers off to the left.
person walks forward, then walks back and then proceeds to walk forward
a man walks backwards with both hands by his side.
a person jumps repeatedly, raising their arms up and extending their legs.
a person walks forwards slowly starting with their right foot and making 7 full steps.
the man is boxing upwards
a person curls up in a ball
someone lightly jogs forward and hesitantly looks over the edge.
the person walks backwards in a slight zig zag.
a person standing with both feet spread apart, lifts both arms straight out away from their sides.
a person who is standing with his arms held head high lifts his arms above his head, twice.
persons tries to sit indian style but cannot
a person stands up while doing an opera clap
a person walks while stepping up and taking big steps, trying to step over something
a person walks forward and sits on a stool.
a person raised the left hand and shoed some jesture
a person lifts something with two hands, then tilts one side of it upwards
person appears to walk in a s shape as if they are a mommy or zombie.
a person's squats down using mainly their left leg, their right leg crosses their left leg, and then they stand back up
a person stretching their left arm over their head, bending their body during the motion.
a person who is standing with his arms out from his sides climbs up four steps, turns 180 degrees, walks down four steps and stops with his hands at his sides.
a man stands on the ground,moves his hands by crossing  them and then steps backwards and raises up both hands.
person is tying a bow with his hands.
a person runs in place
this person crawls around on the floor then stands.
a person lifts a horizontal object from their left front side, and places it vertically to their right, then returns it.
a person folds their arms and then unfolds them
a person holds their arms up and bends them repeatedly at the elbow
a person is carrying a heavy object in the left hand.
a person slowly makes steps in a clockwise circle as if sneaking.
the person is drinking something.
a person sits on the ground, crosses their legs, then stands back up.
a person cracks his neck by placing his hand on his chin
a person standing still, then took one step forward.
a person throwing something with the right hand and the getting back to a ready position
this person is standing, slightly bent forward and appears to be organizing.
a person check their watch for the time.
a person relaxes and swings their torso, swinging their left arm around.
a person puts their right hand to their face.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a  person doing a limping walk, taking proper step with the left foot and limping with the right
a person is climbing up a ladder and cleaning
the person is pulling out a gun.
a person rubs their chest with their left hand.
a person swings their left arm over their head as if they were spiking a volleyball.
a person is jogging in place as if on a treadmill.
person walks forward and moves their right hand across them, then steps back
a person walks forward, reaches the edge and halts.
person is scratching their own left scholder.
a person puts their hands on their hips then checks the time on their left wrist.
the person is doing upper body twist.
the person is jumping on their right leg.
a person is waving with their right hand
a person walks in a clockwise oval, then begins to walk the oval a second time.
a man lunges forward with right leg and appears to throw an object with his left hand, then steps out with right foot and raises both arms above head to catch or flag something.
raising hand then throwing something.
person takes a bow and brings left hand towards body and back
a person performs a low jab using the left hand.
person sprints forward three steps stops then sprints forward again
a person is lifting weights in their left hand.
takes a few steps forward then the body is jerked to the left side a step and back.
a sitting person motions with first left hand toward the front, then right hand higher and extended to the right side before standing to walk away.
a person is walking in a circle
a person walks forward slowly.
a man moves forward and does a cartwheel.
a person doing jumping jacks and then running on the spot
a person leans on something while stumbling around.
the person was waving bye with his left arm.
a person laying on the ground gets up then readies themselves in a squatting position.
extend your leg straight and then retract it to the beginning position.
a person that spins and then runs
a person walks up, turns around and starts dribbling and shooting.
a person lifts his left hand up to his face and then puts it back down again
a person is swimming the butterfly.
a person makes a circular rubbing motion with their right hand.
a person squats and crosses his feet.
a figure seems to be making a snowball around waist height
a person performs two jumping jacks.
a person is doing exercise movements, moving his elbows and knees counter touching each other and finishing off with squats.
a person walking to the right.
a person gingerly walks forward and losses their balance.
a person quickly walks backwards and to the side
the man walks forward, then picks up some greeting cards and starts passing them out.
a person walks forward and towards the right.
a person stretches arms over head.
a man sweeps right leg and then his left.
moving arms side to side slowly.
a person crouches, goes forward, jumps in reverse, and stands up
the person is kicking to side.
person balancing on imaginary object with their hands out wide.
the person was walking forward then turn left.
person is adjuting something on top shelf
a person walks forward after a slight pause.
the person is waving hands.
a person steps forward and angles themself slightly to the right, they extend their left arm and then shake something, then they extend both arms and shake something using both hands.
kicking feet around while standing.
person walking with fast pace
a person jumps straight up in the air twice.
a person jumps one time and then walks forward.
a person is clapping their hands together
a person raised the right hand and pull it down and raised the left hand
a person walks forward then drastically to the left like they have been pushed then returns to walking normally
a person steps forward with their right foot one pace and steadies themselves with their left foot.
the person raises both hands, then lowers their left hand.
a man walks backward for a couple steps and bumps into an unseen object.  he staggers forward then transitions into counterclockwise circle while touching his bsck.
the man sits and stares
subject walks in a full circle, then side steps to turn around and walk around something to avoid running into.
a person walks diagonally to his right, sits down, rests his right foot on something, briefly rests his head on his right hand, and finally he places both hands on his knees.
a person holds arms out, appears to dodge something, then stretches left arm forward.
person aims and throws a baseball
the person did quick jumps twice.
a person stands with his feet wide and swings his arms above his head.
a person slowly walked in left direction than backwards and aftre right direction
a person is dancing with arms in  air moving side to side.
a person takes one large step forward and takes five small steps backward and stops.
a person walks two steps forward, pivots on his left leg until he has completed a half turn, and walks two steps back to where he started from.
a man steps backward, sits down in a chair and then stands back up again.
the figure walks somewhat clumsily forward, turns around so that they are no longer facing the camera and sits briefly and then gets up and walks forward with swaying arms.
a person walks forward, turns around and jogs back with a small wave of their left hand.
a person uses their left arm to lift weights.
the person is balancing on one leg using his hands to help balance
person steps ten steps in a side on direction very stelphly
someone scratches their head with their left hand.
a person walks forward at a moderate pace.
a standing figure flexes his arms at the elbows, outward and in front of him several times.
person is walking down.
a person walks forward avoiding a gap.
a man stands with prayer hands and shakes his shoulders.
this person rolls on the floor then lifts himself up.
person grabbing something in front of him at shoulder level, he raises his arms and then brings them back to original level and grabs item again
a person picks something up with their right hand, then touches something with their left hand. they make a brushing motion to their left using the object they picked up, then put it back down to their right.
a person steps forward and steps up and over something, turns to the left and continues on.
the person rotates their hands in front of them so that the motion of the hands mirror each other..
a figure stretches its arms and then its legs
a person hollers around with their hands at their mouth.
a person walks forward, picks something up, puts their hand to their mouth and tilts back their head, then puts it down
a person stands still facing forwards, and then steps quickly to the right.
person is running forward slightly to the right
person catwalks while swaying hips from side to side.
person gets up from sitting on their knees
a person walks on a treadmill.
a person steps back to his right, takes four steps forward, hops once and continues walking.
a person is walking forward while limping on the right leg.
walking backwards in a circle
a person slowly walks backwards.
motion of body moves to its left and then to its right.
the person is throwing football or soemthing.
the person is posing looking down.
a person walks backwards.
a person scratches their head
the person standing still with her hands down with her side.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person walks backwards and then stops.
a person raises their left arm to their face pensively while shifting their weight from side to side.
a person speed walking in a forward motion
walking forward than picking something up and walking back
person is walking in us and circles.
a person slowly walked forward and right direction
a person stops to take a look at their watch.
a person jumps sideways to their right
this person is bent forward and moving hands very quickly.
a person crosses arms in front of body and then moves them back to his sides.
a man jumps forward using both feet. he lands on both feet.
a person is standing and looks like they are scooping something with right hand. then person walks forward but slightly to the right and then turns and places something on a surface.
the person is walking around looking around for something.
putting hand above head.
a person folds both arms at chest level then puts them back down beside their legs.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person thanking his fans
a man walks around in a circle.
person is walking while veering left
a person, arms out to the sides, moonwalks in a counterclockwise half-circle.
the person is waving hello with his right hand.
a person claps six times.
a person  takes a couple of bows.
the sim appears to walk forward bend slightly grabbing an object with their right hand.
a person slowly walks forward, then squats and jumps in place.
a person stretches both arms out and waves them around.
the person is looking through the camera at someone.
a person moves his right hand over torso, then turns that hand palm up.
this person has arms raised as if to play a violin.
a man quickly turns left using his left heel as the pivot point.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle.
the person was swinging his arms wildly and then stops.
walking to the side then sitting down and walking back.
a person grabs something with his right hand and raises it upward to shoulder level, returns his arm back to where it started, then raises his arm again.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes two steps forward, then quickly steps sideways to his left.
a person hops on their right foot then their left
standing person lifts left arm to front of head as if speaking into a device.
a person squats picks something up then gets back up
a person puts left arm to head
person is standing up moving objects.
moving arms towards face then kneeling.
a person sways their upper body in a circle while they hold their hands as if they have a partner.
the person is climbing on a stepstool to change a lightbulb.
a person runs towards the left side.
a person walks forward 7 steps then turns to their left and stops.
the man dribbles a ball.
a person walking straight forward and to the left.
a person shuffles once to his right.
a person gives high fives.
the person worriedly clasps and wrings their hands, then drops their arms by their sides.
a person walks while holding a hand rail
move the hands and band the legs and do like a exerises.
a person walks diagonally from upper right to lower left across the path.
a man drinks from a bottle using his left hand.
a person is marching forward then stops and turns around
a person lifts his arms and waves both of them right and left several times before lowering them.
the person was pretending to be a hummingbird.
a man stands up and turns slightly to the left, then walks in a circle.
a person is leaping a few feet, turning direction, then leaping another few feet.
the person is sitting and threw some thing.
a person walks around and stops.
this person jumps up and down on his left leg.
a person slowly walks clockwise, then does a dramatic squat pushing their arms out in front of them.
he takes a few steps forward, then he skips 4 or 5 times.
a man stands with his left foot put  foward and his left arm twitching with a bow shape.
person is casually walking forward
while walking forward he appears to be pushed, he lefts himself and continues walking.
someone walks little by little so as not to make noise
a person walks counter clockwise for a circle, then stretches with both arms upwards
a person raises both hands and claps their hands multiple times before returning to their original position.
stick figure squats then jumps forward.
the person hesitates then slowly puts their left foot first and takes 5 steps forward and then stops.
a person performs a jump forward
a person hops over a stick, to the left, then to the right several times.
person steps forward large step then does a full turn clockwise
a figure jogs down stairs
a person is crouched down in fighting stance and stands to go into a flurry of fighting techniques.
the figure seems to imitate a gorilla or sloth or zombie as they move slowly with arms forward and upwards as the left arm sways downward as if to grasp something as the right arm is lifting upwards to balance out the left.
a person sits and crosses their left leg over their right leg while resting both arms, before promptly standing and walking to the right.
some performs two jumping jacks from a standing position.
a man walks hesitantly from the right then to the left in a side shuffle.
a person quickly walks forward.
a person takes four steps, the third being a longer stride than the others.
the person is holding his arms straight out.
a person turns around and walks and then turns around again
a man walks forward and turns around.
a person walks forward and steps over something with his left foot.
a person picks something from his left hand gives it in his right side.
the sim walks down the plane.
a person is jogging forward at a quick pace.
a person lifts the arms and moves their hands up and down, then stops.
the person starts lifting their arm up
a perosn standing up with both their hand together forming a circle shape cherring and clapping motioning their right arm forward
a person approaches an object, then adjusts the object, then turns around and walks away
person gets up from floor
the person is scampering across the floor
moving and unbalance on the legs.
a person lowers their arms to their sides, steps forwards, and then opens something.
a person walks forward and stumbles when walking.
this man is taking pictures of something.
a person running then quickly taking a step to their left.
the person walks across the area, picks something up and then starts to move its arm as if to make a scrubbing motion.
the man walks then runs
a person slowly walked backwards
a person who is standing but has his legs crossed almost falls forward before regaining his balance.
a person aimlessly paces with their hands on their head
person uses left hand initially to do a throwing motion downwards, and then uses left hand to do a throwing motion upwards. appears to be active, energetic, and maybe even slightly aggressive
moving hands side to side.
a person appears to throw something with his right hand then starts to move backwards
a person is jogging in a circle
he runs forward directly then stops
person is waling down.
a person steps to the left sideways.
robot touched his face with right hand.
a person, standing, raises his right hand as if to check his watch and then lowers his hand back to his side.
a person moves their arms around in front of them
person walks in a circle clockwise.
a person is doing a dance.
the man street his body .
swimming doing a backstroke.
a person swings both arms, like hitting a golf ball.
he jumps up then stop
a person walks in place
person leans down and spins counterclockwise fast twice stumbles then returns to original stance
someone walks forward two steps and kicks their left leg up to turn around and walk two steps.
the person is punching something.
a person is stationary moving their arms in symmetrical motion as if they are swimming.
a person walks up the stairs then turns around and walks down the steps while holding a rail.
a person walks forward and is pushed back by something and then continues on their path.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle
the person was pointing to the right.
a person laying on the ground gets up and stands.
a person squats down and pushes up into a big jump several times.
the person is doing arm exercises.
a person sitting down on something
a figure walks in a straight line, turns around, and crawls on all fours back the same direction
a person hops twice, crouching slightly before each jump and keeping their arms low at their sides.
a person doing an elephant impression
a man walks backwards with both hands by his side.
a person standing in a t pose, then proceeds to spin the left arm counterclockwise and then anti-clock wise ; then switches arms
a person on all fours stands straight up
he warms up with a body lean
person standing around acting confused
a man pretends to hit a volleyball
person goes side to side to the right  then raises right hand high above head at same time they raise  left arm shoulder height twice as if throwing an object
a person jumps, spins completely around in a circle an lands.
the sim is standing with their arms extended bringing them inward & outward appearing to be in a exercise routine.
the arms swing up moderatly fast and out to the sides of the person then the person sits down slowly as if in a chair
a person is running forwards
a man suddenly bends forward at his waist.
a man is standing then appears to kick something in with his right leg, then walks away.
a person puts his hands on his thighs.
a person picks up an item with it's left hand, passes the item to their right hand in front of their body, and sets the item down with their right hand.
the person presses something with their left hand before walking in an anti counterclockwise circle
a person walks in a semi-circular pattern, tip-toeing.
he stepped on step backwards and towards the right.
the person jumps, sticking out both legs from center body, while waving both arms above the head and then back to starting position.
a man reaches his left arm in front of him before putting it down.
someone sprints forward quickly before skidding to a halt.
a person walks around with his left hand on his face.
a person is walking in a straight line, turns right, then walks straight again.
a person squats and puts their hands together in front of them.
standing outside and waiving at the neighbors
a person bends one arm at the elbow and moves their hand in a semi-circle back and forth
a person appears to have severe arm pain holding and slouching their left shoulder.
a person raises his arms up and down and then walks clockwise in a circle.
as standing person pushes their right arm forward
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person scratches head with left hand.
a person runs very fast in a diagonal direction.
this person reaches forward with his left hand then places an item near his right hand.
a person bends and flaps his arms like a bird.
a person walks in a quarter circle clockwise
a headless line figure takes four steps forward, down a ramp, toward the viewer.
a person, slowly moved to the right than lay down on all floors and went to left
the person is squatting like on a motorcycle
man steps downhill with his right foot, does a cartwheel putting his left hand down on the ground. he takes a step downhill, turns around and takes a step uphill.
a person walks forward at fast pace.
a person shuffles side to side, arms up, moving quickly, as if playing a game.
a person waves vigorously with right hand and then with left hand.
a person is walking like a mummy.
a person dancing like a ballerina.
a person leaping up and then shuffling to their right.
a figure jumps, throwing both arms in the air
person is walking quickly up
this person appears to stumble as if fleftened.
a person jumps far to their right.
a person takes four steps turning 90 degrees to the left as they do so.
a person uses their right hand to wash a window.
the person band forward and backward like exericses.
the person is walking forward and then back the other direction.
a person slowly walks forward.
character is walking at a normal pace before speeding up and hopping several times.
a person who walks and take a left turn
a person walks around in s shape.
a man raising both arms at the same time, then geting on his/her hands an knees, then standing back up.
the figure is standing facing forward, holding and exercising what can be a dumbbell.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a man with his legs outstretched brings his hands together to clap them.
a man walks forward before stopping.
a kneeling person is steadying themselves with their right hand while doing something with their left while close to the ground; they then stand up after finished.
a person is sitting down with their arms on their knees
the person was taking a sip of coffee from his cup.
a person is doing jump and jacks.
a man steps to the right, turns to left and walks majestically towards the leftside,stops and then turns back.
person turns around from front to rear and whilst holding his hand and arm stomach level then turns around again and goes to original position
a kneeling person stands up and kneels back on one knee.
a person steps forward with his left foot and then kicks out with his right foot.
the person holds their hand to their face, then puts their hand down.
a person gestures tauntingly while turning to face something.
the man is waiting for the bus
a person walks forward casually with a swagger to their hips.
a person raises its right hand then both hands in celebration
the person sits down and places their hands on their lap, then gets up and walks right
someone is walking diagonally back and forth before stopping and facing to the right.
a person running to the right side 4 steps then the left side 5 steps to return to original spot.
a man walking forward slowly.
a person is doing the salsa
a person turns around and walks forward picking things up from the ground then turns around at their destination.
a person is doing a dance.
a figure steps back and to the left.
a person raises right arm and wipes in a circular motion.
starting with the right foot, a person walks downstairs alternating feet for each step.
the man is dancing the salsa.
a person unzips his pants with his right hand.
a person raises their right hand slightly to look at their watch.
a person randomly moves by rotating across the ground, with a stiff body, elbows by their side, and forearms stretched in front of their torso.
a person with their left arm on their waist leans to their right with their right arm extended
a person steps forward, turns around and runs several steps then turns around and begins a cartwheel.
a person walks forward, leans down and wipes something with their left hand, as if to clean it.
person is walking forwards quite fast, then squats down to pick something up to then turn around and walk fast again. appears to be in a rush and moving an item
a man walks up stairs leading with his right foot.
a person walks around in a circle.
walking in a circle while dancing.
a person puts his hands together then puts them down again
person raises left hand in a slow forward gesture
a person walks backward, runs forward, and walks backward again.
a figure shakes itself a little loose then does squats with arms out forward
person stretching the whole left side by lifting the left arm and leaning sideways to the right
a person runs diagonally to the left side and stops
a man leans heavily on his right leg, jerking his right hand in the air in front of him as he does.
a person quickly steps back and to his right.
a person walks forward in a clockwise loop
a person dancing in certain rotating motion, then raising his or her hand up
the man moves to the side
the person watch forward and is leaning over some thing.
person grabs or places something off of a higher shelf in the bottom right then walks to the top left then paces back to the bottom right to repeat the action.
figure appears to be waving
a person is lifting weights in their right hand.
a person walks forward with soft steps.
a man dribbles a ball and then takes a shot.
a person waves their right hand, spreads their arms out and down, and makes a figure eight with their hands held together and raises them above their head as they separate.
person person is applauding someone.
a person jumps up and down two times.
a man has his forearms raised to protect himself, he then kicks forward with his left leg.
a person appears to hold up an object, as if the person was showing the object, and returns to the object.
a man stands and raises both of his arms overhead and then makes up and downwards movements.
a man reaches his right hand out to his right the times before returning it to in front of him.
the person is getting a shower and washing his left arm
a person scratches head with left hand.
a person walks forward and then wipes their feet on the ground.
a standing person holds their hands in front of their chest and claps three times.
person is performing jumping jacks
someone is standing up in a stretchong motion waving their arms in a circular motion
person puts left arm shoulder height in front then moves arm to their left
a person is playing a saxophone.
person is walking forward doing karate moves.
this person is standing with legs crossed then steps forward with right foot.
a person marches forward and to the right.
the person walks in a circle
person appears to wipe some thing with their right hand.
person squats with knees facing inwards then stands up and quickly jogs  before stopping
the man is flexing his right arm
standing in a karate ready stance a person uses their right hand to taunt someone into fighting.
a person walks forward while holding on to somethimg with their left hand.
the person was dancing around in a boxing stance.
the man pick some thing up from the left and moved it to the right.
a person tries to screw something large into place.
person is lied on ground with feet and hands spread wide apart uses both hands to get up into standing position
a person bends down to pick something up, splashes his face then walks to the right diagonally.
a person standing still and waving with his left hand.
a person waves their arms around their body as if performing some martial art exercise
a person stands motionless and then takes one step backwards and to the left.
the person walks around and went over an unseen object
a figure hi fives
a person is dancing by putting their arms out making a t-pose and rotating their wrists, then moves their legs up and out one at a time.
he had a accident damage left leg
a person is lifting weights with both hands
a person wobbles while walking very narrowly.
a man stands still and then takes a step forward.
person puts his left arm out to the side and swings it back and forth as if encouraging
a person raises both hands and places them in front of themselves
a person is sitting and then rubs their left hand on their chest and then moves brushes the hand on their head.
a person crosses his arms in an x-shape out in front of him and then quickly swings them to the side, brushes off is right leg with his right hand, and then raises his right hand as if to wave.
a person slowly sits down
a person raises their hands to chest level and moves their hands in a forward rowing position as if they were a cat pawing at a toy.
a person leans down slightly to the right, then leans down slightly to the left.
a person leans their body moving their left arm above their head past their right shoulder.
the person is crouch down looking right to left.
a man standing and waves his left arm in the air then turns 180 degrees to the right then walks forward and stands still for 2 seconds.
this person walks forward at a brisk pace.
person walks  slowly forward
person slowly walks forwards while pumping his left arm up and down towards the floor gently.
a figure swims and rows.
a person raises their arms in the air while walking down an incline.
person walks generally forward along a somewhat curved path.
a person bends to the left, reaches and swings left to make a wiping motion.
a man stretches his upper body right and left.
the person pretends to be a t-rex
a person is sitting with both arms out in front of themselves holding something, then they move their left hand away and make sliding motions with it.
person person is walking forward diagonally to the left.
a person steps their right leg forward and throws their arms downwards 3 times
a person waves with their left hand, walks to the left, walks back, and waves again.
a person on land is teaching the motions used to swim breast stroke.
a person wipes down a tabletop.
he balances on his right foot and similarly flaps his arms to that of a large bird taking off
a person waving one hands in a horizontal circular motion in front of them
the person was hammering a nail
a person walks around in an "s" formation.
a man brings his arms down to his side, a man brings his hands back up and meets the together at his chest, a man drops his arms back down to his side.
a person waits and moves suddenly a few feet as if they were pushed.
jumping on one leg.
a person sways, puts both arms up, does half of a 180 turn, and walks a few steps forward.
a person stands on his right foot, bending his left leg and grabbing his left foot with his left hand so as to stretch his quadricep.
a person does trunk twists
a person walks up four steps with their hands by their sides and their lean forward slightly as they go up the stairs and once they've stopped going up the stairs, they straighten up again
a person walks forward in two steps and holds an imaginary can and shakes it before turning around
a person walks in a straight line, turns around, and walks back towards their starting postion.
a person with their hands by their sides jumps twice on their left leg while bending their right knee and then jumps twice on their right leg, they then jump twice on their right leg while bending their left knee.  they repeat this pattern of jumps one more time before stopping.
a person runs in place
a person is stretching his leg in the air.
a person sways side to side multiple times.
moving arms side to side while walking.
a person starts walking then starts leaping clockwise
person is a rolling his arms.
walking around in a circle.
a person lofts their left hand to their face.
a person waves their arms in the air then lowers them to their side.
a person circles their arms around and starts jumping up and down.
a person walks in a s shaped pattern back and forth across the square area.
starting with its right foot the figure takes 2 steps forward, turns to the right and takes 2 more steps before coming to a stop on the 3rd step on the right foot.
a person is drinking something.
a person is running continually in place.
someone is walking diagonally holding their right elbow with their left hand.
a man standing in place scratches his chin with left hand, then bends down to scratch his knee and his ankle.
a man walks forward and then walks back in the opposite direction.
a person holds their hands to their face, then kneel down and mess with their right foot.
a person lazily gives a high five.
the person almost trips but quickly recovers
man is bending arms at elbows towards the front of the body.
a person swipes at something that is around their head.
the man reached with his left hand pick some thing up and put it in front of him.
a person wwalked by making the circle
the person was walking to turn left.
a figure limps along a diagonal path
a person raised his left hand and after raised with right hand
a person takes a few steps to their right, sits down, and starts pumping their fist like they are cheering someone on.
person does a cartwheel like move, spin then do two twirls and a low jump landing using ballet movements
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks to the back.
a person takes a step forward with the right leg while simultaneously lifting their right hands slightly in front of their face.
the person turns to their left and begins walking up what seem to be 3 stair steps. after the third step the person turns around and takes one step back down.
a person is walking, turns back and to their left, proceeds to walk again, trips, then turns back once more, limping now.
a person jumps backward calmly.
person goes forward bangs into something whilst putting right hand out to head
a person runs and/or sprints forward.
this person stands still and reaches up with his right hand.
person standing around acting confused
watching the time on the watch.
a person walking in a diagonal line.
a person drops to his knees holding his hands up, stands up and then drops to his hands and knees again
a person grabbed something with left hands and hanged on something
a person moves right arm forward to shoulder length and then brings it down, while the left arm moves slightly outwards and back.
this person slowly bends forward and moves from left to right.
a person walks down a steep staircase.
the person is doing a golf putt.
from a standing position the person reaches up with their right arm and touches their head with their right hand, before lowering their hand back down beside their body
a man twists his neck,moves his arms up and downs one after the other,and then makes a circular  hand motion.
a person lunges to their left and brings thier straightend right arm, supported by their left arm, across their body and extends it.
a man walk a couple paces to the left, walks back and past where he started by a few paces and then turns around and returns to his starting position.
a person walking straight forward.
the man is moving his hands around in the motion of cleaning what's his left arm.
a figure seems to clear the table in front of them
from a standing position, the person walks at a moderate pace forward, turning their body to be facing right when they stop.
a man picks up a bar of soap with his right hand, lathers himself, and places the soap back in the soap dish.
a person spinning his upper core body, and after shaking left and right legs, by doing circle movement
a person is jogging in pace with both hands in front of them mid torso.
the person marches straight forward
he gets pushed really hard
person seems to be exercising by bending at the knees and walking forward
a person walks forward and then to their left.
the person pours something then starts mixing
person makes motion such as lifting from the lower right side to the left side then back again.
the person stands and swings their left arm around in a backward motion twice, then swings their right arm around in a forward motion 5 times before swinging their right arm around in an backward motion 4 times.
a person swings his left arm.
a person grabs their left arm in pain.
the person walks forward a few steps, appears to hold hands up, indicating a headache, and then steps back.
the man is moving his arms and legs
a man stands with both arms outstretched.
a person washing a wall before moving to another location
the man standing still for a photograph.
man walks cautiously with arms out then stops walking.
a person slowly walks forward in a straight line putting one foot in front of the other while arms sway slightly at the person's side.
a person walks straight backwards.
this person uses both hands as if to mold something.
a man turns and kicks at something low on the ground with his right leg
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides spreads his arms as he walks along a balance beam, then drops his arms and stops.
the person tossed the ball with both hands
a person is scrubbing something then puts it up somewhere.
a person raises both hands above their head and swats at something.
a man is throwing something.
person walks forward and turned right.
person standing steps back to the left then to the right
a person is throwing punches
a person standing up throws something forward from above their head, then throws something again forward from above their head with more force which makes them take one step forward with their left foot.
a person walks forward and crouches.
this person moves his upper body with arms and hands out front as if he is a monster.
kirsten kicked some thing and then push some thing.
a person aggressively picks up an object with both of their hands and puts it on their shoulder.
a person is standing still, then walks forward and kicks something on the floor with his right foot
a person moves forward, and then begins dancing with an unseen partner.
the person is walking forward diagonally.
a man opens something and rubs it under his arms.
a person walks in a circle counter-clockwise.
walking forward then bending down
the man strokes a guitar one time.
a person holds both hands up to face momentarily.
a person jumps in place, walks backward and then forward.
person has arms out before lowering and running quickly on the spot
person moves left arm in a anti-clockwise circle about waist height
a person lunges forward bending their right knee and elbow.
a man paces back and forth along the same line.
the person was flying around like a fly.
someone cleaning up the house
a person appears to be moving something with his hands.
a person throwing a left hook.
person is walking in a circle moving his arms.
person kneels down and steadies them self down with their left hand
a person walks forward at an angle to kick a ball
the person is throwing with both hands.
a person who is standing with his arms out from his sides raises his right arm and waves across his arm across his chest twice before returning to his original stance.
a person standing leans slightly to their right and starts swatting frustratedly at a fly, finally swatting in one short motion forward.
a person uses their strength to squat and lift something heavy above their shoulders.
a man takes a step forward, takes his left arm and moves it right to left then takes a step back.
this person turns left and walks to the back then turns right full circle.
person rotating lever in front of them
a person nervously looks from side to side while holding their hands near their chest.
a person takes a step diagonally to their right over an object
a person walks to the left while clapping their hand.
the person as well going forward picking something up and taking it back.
a person steps to the right and aggressively punches down, then moves forward while punching and completes the forward move with a kick.
a person walks and then puts both arms out while bowing.
a person stands still with their legs slightly bent.
a man twists his torso left and right and then to the sides and the up and down.
a person gets down on their knees.
walking in a sideways pattern.
a person that turns around and runs and skates turns around and then does a cartwheel
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a man raises right foot knee high then swings out and puts down repaets this motion twice
the person is doing an upper body warm up with their left arm in the air.
a person quickly walks forward.
a person is marching forward.
walks forward directly and stops
a person swings their arms quickly forward and then backwards.
the person is doing the cha-cha dance
person is walking on a tightrope or similar structure
the man sits on the floor, crosses his legs then stands up.
a person walks slowly forward.
the man steps backwards as if afraid of someone.
a man walks at a slant, crossing his ankles as he moves first to his right, then to his left.
a man walks forward for 5 steps.  he then turns 45 degrees to his right and continues walking.
someone slowly swings his head and shoulders in a counterclockwise circle, then swings his hips slowly in a clockwise circle
the person is walking forward, their right hand is pressing on top of something and lifts off and then pressing their right hand down again as they walk forward. they stop walking and move both arms up so they are spread out like airplane wings
someone is moving forward and looking at their watch for something, and looking confused
the person starts looking around for help
a person crouching down and jumping forward.
a person raised the left hand and pull it down and raised the right hand
a person casualy walking around and then down a set of stairs
the person uses the left to grab the right elbow and swing it. the right arm raises up.
the person right of the dumbbell over his head.
a person raises their arms and lowers them.
a person lifting their right leg, and trying to maintain balance with left foot simultaneously.
a person walks forward normally
the person didnโt warm up and started jogging in place.
person stands then takes big strides forward right leg first then finishes facing forward
the person hits the tennis ball with the racket
a person skips forward to the left, leading with the left leg. they draw the right arm forward in a rotating motion and the right leg slides forward, throwing an object with a discus-like motion, and then steps back to the starting position.
someone moves their waist from right to left
this person is jumping around.
the man walks forward in a steep manner.
a person jumps in the air and turns 90 degrees to the left.
a man walks forwards, curving to the right.
the person walks and then started running.
a person stumbling to their left side.
the toon walks forward, sways a bit, then walks back before stopping.
a person stands up, walks backward, kicks something forward, falls, and stands up.
a man does a kick to the side.
a person walks quickly in a diagonal direction for 8 steps and then turns to walk in the direction they came from.
a man raises his right hand to cover his mouth
person is side on with throwing or hitting something with their right hand they do this twice
a person on the ground starts crawling and ends up getting up.
a person gingerly walks forward and losses their balance.
the body stood still and slowly walks toward the right in a curve.
a person walks forward, steps over something with his left leg, and then he continues walking forward.
a person raises both their hands and flexes their biceps simultaneously.
person is walking normally in a circle
someone is walking forward, and then sitting down on something while moving lots of other things around with their hands, and then getting up
someone trying to catch an animal
a man does warm up exercises, rotating the arms and shoulders with circular motions.
a person is punching with their right hand.
a person sits down, jiggles his right knee, raises both hands quickly to his shoulders then rubs his stomach with his left hand.
a person swings both arms back, slightly bends knees and then jumps forward.
the person sits down then stands back up
a man spins in a clockwise circle three times with his hands in front of him.
a person pick up something with his left hand and with his right hand he is patting it.
a person makes a digging motion and throwing debris over left shoulder.
a person takes big steps/lunges starting in a rightwards motion beginning to make a square shape
a person cautiously walks in an arc
a figure walks forward while using their left hand to perhaps balance on a wall
a person is sprinting forward.
a person is walking taking big steps across the floor then suddenly stops.
the person is as arms out. like a muscle
a person walking a counter counterclockwise motion
a man walks forwards with a swagger and picks something up with his right hand.
a man walk and make a right turn.
a human figure is seen waving its arms in the arm to get the attention of someone
a person squats down to the ground and gets on their knees, placing their hand on their lap, they sit back for a moment then they stand back up and turn around.
walking forward and stopping.
a person takes a large diagonal step to the left.
a person standing up and swaying
a person quickly side steps to the left and then to the right.
the sim appears to be walking at a slight angle at a normal rate of speed.
a person jumps up and down on both feet while circling both arms forward in time with the jumps.
a person strums a guitar left handed.
a person lifts and object toward their head with both arms, then raises their right arm above their head.
a person walks forward to pick something up then walks back.
he moved backwards and then start dancing
a person is balancing on a narrow path.
someone is walking forward and holding a handrail very carefully, as if they are afraid of falling.
a person bends forward and picks something up on the left, then places it down on the right
a person punches with their right hand then their left hand.
stick figure walks backwards jumps in place then walks forwards
a person runs towards the right side.
a person bends slightly to grab something with his right hand then limps one step to his left, pauses, and limps another step to the left.
a person performing two t poses
a person takes a step forward and three steps more to his left.
a person squatting while extending their arm and balancing and standing up,
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person moves object from right to left.
a person takes three steps to the side, crossing their left leg before their right on the second step. the figure pauses, then takes three steps in the opposite direction, this time, crossing their right leg behind the left on the second step.
a person is pushed from the left hard.
a person slowly jumped a few times
the person is practing balancing on one leg.
a person walking in a strait path at a slow pace with only four steps with it's arms on it's side.
character walking, gets pushed off ballanced from the left , regains orientation and continues walking.
a person is sitting and then raises their right hand and then moves both hands side to side in front of their chest then reaches for their left shoulder with their right hand.
a person is standing stationary and claps.
person is walking normally forwards. pace is relatively fast
a person drops their hands then brings them together in front of their face clasped.
a person is swinging both legs and arms.
moving arms up and down near face.
this person uses both hands as if to show a measurement.
person got up to throw baseball.
subjects hops up and down twice.
a person lifts their arms from their sides in a semi-circle motion and ends with the forearms facing up.
person drinks from a can
a person rubbing there hands together
person carefully walks backwards while balancing.
person moves backwards and forwards with their arms out like they have wings.
a person washing a wall before moving to another location
a person walks forward, stumbles to their left, corrects and continues walking forward.
a person leans to the left pouring something with the right hand to the left hand.
a person swings his right hand.
a person turns slightly to their left and brings both hands out in front of them by bending their elbows.
a person slowly made a circle by side walking
a man runs back and forth over a short distance, before returning to his original position.
person starts in hands head height elbows bent then hyper extends arms above head three times
a person raises their arms and zombie walks forward.
a person walks around the room and stops.
person walks forward while turning 90 degrees to the right
a person puts his hand to his side, then raises his hand to his head moving it back and forth in short motions.
a person raises their left hand and slowly waves.
the person is spinning around.
a person performs multiple dance moves and ultimately ends up in a relative position diagonally to the right.
the man begins facing the left side with both arms raised to his chest. the man then steps back and makes a cross motion with his arms almost like he is in a fighting game. he then goes back to his original form.
a person raises both arms into the air then puts them down
a person walks forward and grabs something then turns to use this something
a man steps back, picks something up and put it to his head and then puts it back.
a person is sitting down with their arms on their knees
person walked forward picked up an item and walked to the back and set the item down
a person walks around in a counter clockwise direction.
a man crouches completely still before lowering his right arm.
a person picks something up with their right hand and shakes their hand up and down then tilts their hand to mimic a pouring motion.
a person waves at something in front of them.
the person bend over and pick some thing up.
figure is standing, moving arms together as if opening something and rhen with its right arm brings it up to where its head would be as if it were to drink somthing from it.
a person holds their arms up and bends them repeatedly at the elbow
crossing arms on chest.
a man stretches his arms, claps, walks two steps and sits on something..
figure runs in place crouches and walks in crouch.
a person is holding its head with its right hand, then sets it down, then holds its head with both hand.
a person that is running fast.
person was walking down the path around things.
person walks forward as they veer right
the person paces back and forth
a person slowly paces forward.
a person waves with their right hand
person lifts both hands to shoulders and waves twice.
a man moves from left to right several times.
a man steps back and shields his face with both of his hands.
a person crawls forward on their hands and knees and then crawls backwards.
person is speedily walking forward
person steps forward with their right foot and kicks with their left.
a person waves their arm above their head
person takes on phone and talks to somebody, then ends call
a person bounces in place, waving his hands at his sides.
person grabs a coat and puts it on with their left arm first followed by the right before bringing the coat flaps together.
a man dribbles a ball and then takes a shot.
swinging their hands up to chest level the person jumps once.
the person jump forward one step.
a person is dancing the salsa.
a person jumping while rasing both hands, and  move apart legs
a person walks in a curve, looks around, then continues walking.
person creaps forward a few times legs apart long careful stride and crouched down
someone looks as if they picked up an object and put it away
a person throws object with both hands.
a person brings his arms out to his sides, then jumps, spinning around to face the opposite direction.
the person is running around in a circle.
person squats then rotates a quarter of the way counterclockwise.
a person is doing push-ups.
a figure bends at the waist and makes a motion with the arms as if lifting something slightly and passing it from one side to the other.
a person takes a step forward, throws a kick into the air, and then returns to original position.
a man keeps his hands at his head and then kicks with his left leg.
a man walks to the side, and then circles back around. only one arm is swinging.
the person hopped on his right foot then he hopped on his
a person is sitting down and then stands up.
a person power walks forward.
a person takes a big step backwards.
the person took a jump forward.
a person walks straight forward.
a person makes a circular motion with their arms forward and backward.
a person sways to the left.
a person moving something from left to right
a standing person leans to their right, slightly bends their right knee and flexes their right arm at the elbow, then returns to standing position.
person walks forward in casual way
a person raised hands and slowly walked forward
person walks forward and then jumps up into the air two times while punching their left arm into the air
a person is dragging a something heavy around in a clock-wise circle.
a person goes and sits down
the person is stepping on stones.
a person walks left, turns right and dunks and waves arms.
a man walks forward and backwards.
the figure raises its right hand near its head, it then drops it down in a resting motion once again.
a standing person extends both of their hands forward, then drops their arms to their side.
a person walks forward in a slight wavy line, turns counter-clockwise to face the direction from which he came, sits with hands on knees, and then stands. person then walks forward back to the original point.
a person walks forward at a moderate pace, then turns around clockwise.
a person moving arms and body in a fashion similar to washing themself.
a person is waving with their right hand, turns around and continues to wave with their right hand.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise motion but does not return to their original position.
a person walks forward and stops.
a man walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person drinks from cup in right hand.
the person walks straight then turns left
a person sways their hips back and forth, and then turns around and walks away.
the person is drinking out of a bottle with his right hand.
a person walks around and stops.
a standing person leans forward and down then back up placing both their hand up infornt of their chest then elaning forward and down
person takes two smalls step up then down the two bigger steps up.
person runs, then gets on all fours and moves forward, then gets up
a man uses his left hand to bat something away and then brings up both hands outstretched above the head.
a person is takes a quick step to the left.
a man walks clockwise in a circle.
a man crosses his arms in an impatient manner.
a person throws something with their right hand
a person walking sideways to the left, then diagonally to right and back to center.
person is warming up by twisting their arms round in a circle and jogging on the spot
a person who is standing with his legs spread apart and hands by his sides forms a golf grip with his hands, takes a back swing, follows through to finish the swing and returns to his original position.
this person pushes away with his right hand then lifts both arms to his sides.
a man walks down a ramp while his arms hang down his sides.
a person stumbles forward while walking, then stumbles back and to the right, then forward and ends up turning around while stumbling.
a person holds both hands in front of their face while moving their shoulders and fingers.
a person is balancing an object on their head and walks forward, then kneels down, then moves their right arm to the right.
a person walks forward with their hands clasped then turns around.
the person is walking towards the right.
person person is planting vegetables.
a person bends slightly to grab something with his left hand then limps one step to his right, pauses, and limps another step to the right.
person spins around in a circle with their arms fully extended out to the sides.
a mans standing starts moving left arm then right, jumps up and moves legs.
the person stands and then takes a step to their left
crouching and then running diagonally.
a person walks diagonally left to right five paces in a karate fighting like motion then they take one step backwards.
a man has his arms out to his sides then brings his hands towards his face
a person runs to the right slightly.
the person is standing and puts hands together. the person raises both arms overhead with hands together. the person then brings both arms back down to starting posistion.
flailing his arms around and hopping like a chicken.
a person stretches their arms out to their sides, drops their left arm, and then raises it back up.
a person picks up something and puts it to the side.
the man is squatting then raises his arms and then drops them back down.
the person lowers their arms and raises them back up.
a person walks in a circular motion
a person who is standing with his arms down by his sides raises his hands shoulder high, looks slightly to the right, turns his body to the left and drops his hands to his sides and faces forward.
a person is walking forward, bends down, touches something, gets back up, turns around and walks back into the direction he came from
a person being pushed from behind and then trying to recover
a person takes a step forward and three steps more to his right.
the person is acting like a human dinosaur.
a person slightly bends their knees and then jumps forward.
a person moves slightly to his right and sits down.
a person kicks slowly with their right leg.
a person walks in a semi circle 5 steps, turns, and then returns to their starting position.
the person is getting down and doing push-ups.
he walks then runs forward
a person stands still and does nothing.
a person rubbing there hands together
a person leans forward and lightly hits something with their hand.
the person was running to the left.
a person walks forward then slows
a person jumps, spreads their feet, and lifts their arms ovr their head.
a person is doing a salsa dance.
a person sits down, jiggles his left knee, raises both hands quickly to his shoulders then rubs his stomach with his right hand.
walking randomly and raising arms up.
a man walks forward 4 steps and stops.
